Bostonherald/Privacy Policy.md, before:

Herald Media Inc. Privacy Commitment Boston Herald.com and its affiliates are committed to protecting the privacy of our users. We want to provide a safe and secure user experience. We will use our best efforts to ensure that the information you submit to us remains private and is used only for the purposes as set forth herein. The following reflects our commitment to you. Information About BostonHerald.com and Affiliate Visitors BostonHerald.com and its affiliates collect information about all of our users. such as what area users visit most frequently and what services users access the most. This data is only used to benefit you the user. From this data we can determine what is most beneficial to the user and how we can better the users experience. We may share this data with our partners, but only so they too can understand our users. Information About You, BostonHerald.com and Affiliate Visitor In some instances, such as when you register as a community member, enter a resume, enter a contest or respond to a survey, we may ask for information including but not limited to the following: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number. We may use this information to alert you of new products and services or upcoming events. General Information Disclosure We do not disclose information about our visitors to BostonHerald.com and its affiliates, or any personal information, such as name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, etc., to any outside parties, except when we believe the law requires it. Cookies To enhance your experience with BostonHerald.com and its affiliates, we use a feature on your internet browser called a "cookie". Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies for remembering user names and passwords and preferences, tracking click streams, and for load balancing. Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster service, consistent, updated results, and a more personalized site experience. You have the option of setting your browser to reject cookies. However, doing this will hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on our site. User Comments BostonHerald.com has an area on the site where you can submit user comments of articles. By posting a comment on BostonHerald.com you agree that you as a user are fully responsible for the content that you post. You agree to limit the content you post to the subject matter of the article. BostonHerald.com askes that you do not post comments that violates the copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights of any other person. You will not post content that is libelous, an invasion or privacy or publicity rights, defamatory, obscene, profane, pornographic, indecent, abusive or threatening. BostonHerald.com askes that you not post content that constitutes a criminal offense, that gives rise to any civil liability or that otherwise violates any local, state, national or international law. You will indemnify Herald Media, Inc., Herald Interactive, Boston Herald and its affiliates together with their respective employees, agents, directors and officers from and against any claims, liabilities, damages and expenses (including but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees) related to or arising out of any content you have posted.

You understand and agree that Herald Media, Inc., Herald Interactive and the Boston Herald are not responsible for any content posted by you or any other third party. You further understand that BostonHerald.com does not endorse and has no control over the content posted in the comments by third parties, and cannot vouch for its accuracy or reliability. You also understand that BostonHerald.com has no responsibility to monitor the comments for inappropriate content posted by users. Even if BostonHerald.com chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor the Forums, we nonetheless assume no responsibility for the content of the postings. However, BostonHerald.com reserves the right to prevent you from posting content to the comments and to edit, restrict or remove your content for any reason at any time.

You agree not to post content that contains advertising, is for commercial purposes, or solicits a person to buy or sell products and services or to make donations.

You agree that any content you post becomes the property of BostonHerald.com. You understand and agree that BostonHerald.com and its parent and affiliated companies may use, publish, copy, sublicense, adapt, edit, distribute, publicly perform, display and delete the content you post as they see fit.

Feedback BostonHerald.com and its affiliates have an area on the site where you can submit feedback. Any feedback that is submitted through this area becomes property of BostonHerald.com and its affiliates. We may use this feedback for marketing purposes, or to contact you for further feedback on the site. Children We do not specifically collect information about children. We believe that children should get their parent's consent prior to giving personal information. If you are concerned about your child's use of BostonHerald.com and its affiliates, we encourage you to use Web filtering technology to supervise your child's access to the site. We also encourage you to participate in your child's experience with BostonHerald.com and its affiliates. Privacy Commitment Changes If we decide to change our privacy commitment for BostonHerald.com and its affiliates, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about BostonHerald.com and its affiliates privacy commitment please fell free to e-mail us at comments@bostonherald.com.

Boston Herald  
One Herald Square  
Boston, MA 02118

Thank you for using BostonHerald.com and its affiliates.

Commit message:

Update Bostonherald/Privacy Policy.html
This version was recorded after filtering snapshot ee20c575a51e09224c868f94a1c9156eff13c73e
Snapshot originally obtained on 2015-10-21

Bostonherald/Privacy Policy.md, after:

Advertise With Us

*   News 24/7
    
    Our editors and reporters meet the challenge of pushing news forward all day long by converging our newsgathering operation from print to digital.
    
    More
    
*   Our Audience
    
    By providing platforms that allow instant access to our newsgathering, the Herald has shown nice growth in our audience.
    
    More
    
*   Opportunities
    
    We provide cost-effective marketing mediums and targeting capabilities to an impressive audience that is showing strong and consistent growth across all platforms.
    
    More
    

In an exceptionally competitive media landscape, the Boston Herald stands out for its influential political, business, sports and entertainment coverage. Our appeal is strong among readers of all stripes who appreciate the conviction of our editorial voice and the tenacity of our newsgathering operation. Giving our readers a range of options for consuming news is a priority and every unique platform we produce – print, online, mobile, tablets – fosters engagement and community. We aim to meet the needs of our advertising clients not only by providing cost-effective marketing mediums, but also by providing targeting capabilities to an impressive audience that is showing strong and consistent growth across all platforms.

Always Relevant

Powered by a multi-media newsroom and with a variety of platforms that provide folks with up-to-the-minute news and commentary, consumers trust the Boston Herald brand to give them smart, straightforward content, when and however they want it.

The recent addition of Boston Herald Radio rounds out nicely our media group -- print, web, mobile, tablets and now live streamed, completely interactive internet talk radio.  
Cost–effective marketing programs, creative targeting capabilities and an engaged, compelling and responsive audience all further enhance our advertising partners’ investment with the Boston Herald.
