Argos/Privacy Policy.md, before:

\>. Customer services >. Privacy Policy Privacy Policy

(Updated 05 November 2014)

The Website is operated by Argos Limited ("Argos/we/our/us") a company incorporated in England (Company Number 01081551) with registered office at 489-499 Avebury Boulevard, Central Milton Keynes, MK9 2NW. Argos is a member of the Home Retail Group ("the Group"). The Group ("we", "us") includes Argos Limited, Argos Business Solutions Limited, Home Retail Group Card Services Limited, Home Retail Group Insurance Services Limited, Home Retail Group Personal Finance Limited, ARG Personal Loans Limited, Homebase Limited, Argos Business Solutions Limited, Habitat Retail Limited and their associated companies. A full list of companies is available upon request (See 'Contact Us' below).

As user of the website (referred to as "you/your") you acknowledge that any use of this website (including any transactions you make) is subject to this Privacy Policy together with our Terms and Conditions.

The purpose of this statement is to set out the purposes for which, and the manner in which, we may collect and use personal information that we may obtain about you. By either registering as a user of any services provided by Argos on this website and/or by using the Argos website generally you consent and agree to this use by us.

Argos does not knowingly collect data from any unsupervised person under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you must not use the Argos website or submit any personal data to us unless you have the consent of, and are supervised by, a parent or guardian.

Use of your personal information  
Crime prevention  
Telephone calls  
Disclosure of your information  
Cookies  
Security  
Product reviews  
General  
How can I get my name removed from the argos.co.uk mailing list?  
How do I change any details stored on argos.co.uk?  
Contact us  
Changes to policy

Use of your personal information

1\. When you register and use this site:

*   You will be asked to provide certain information such as your name, contact details and possibly credit card or other payment details. We will store this data and hold it on computers or otherwise. We will use this data to fulfil our agreement with you.
*   Some of our services will require further details. For example, when using the Gift list service, this will require further information to set up and maintain your gift list and allow your chosen guests to see your list details.
*   In addition, we may gather other information about your use of the website, including by the use of cookies (see section on Cookies below).

2\. We may use information that you provide or that is obtained by us:  
(a) to register you with our website and to manage any account you hold with us.  
(b) to administer our website services.  
(c) to give to companies and organisations whose products we provide to you, e.g. product, home and motor, financial and travel services.  
(d) to fulfil our agreement with you and to process your order and obtain payment.  
(e) to analyse and profile your shopping preferences e.g. (market, customer and product analysis) to enable us (i) to provide you with a personalised browsing experience when using the website and (ii) to review, develop and improve the products and services which we offer and to enable us to provide you and other customers with relevant information through our marketing programme.  
(f) we may use your information to make decisions about you using computerised technology, for example automatically selecting products and/or services which we think will interest you from the information we have.  
(g) we may keep you informed of such products and services (including products and services of other companies and organisations and including special offers, discounts, offers, competitions, warranties, insurance and so on) which we consider may be of interest to you by any of the following methods:

*   Email
*   Telephone (including automated calls)
*   SMS text messages and other electronic messages such as picture messaging
*   Post
*   Or otherwise

(h) to administer any prize draws or competitions you may enter.

3\. If you do not wish to receive information of products and services which may be of interest to you from us or carefully chosen third parties, please select the opt-out option where appropriate.

4\. We may supplement the information that you provide to us with information that we receive from third parties. In particular we will carry out searches with credit reference agencies.

5\. We may engage third party payment providers to administer and process your payment card details in order to complete any purchase that you make through the website.

6\. We may store and process your information on our own information technology systems or on systems owned by third parties that may store and process your information on our behalf.

Crime prevention

7\. In order to protect our customers and us from fraud and theft, we may pass on information that we obtain from making identity checks and other information in our customer records, including how you conduct your account, to other Group companies, other retailers and to financial and other organisations involved in fraud prevention and detection, to use in the same way. Without limitation to the foregoing, we may disclose any information and data relating to you to the police or any regulatory or government authority including and not limited to law enforcement agencies in response to a request in connection with the investigation of any suspected illegal activities.

Telephone calls

8\. Calls may be recorded to verify content and may be used together with other customer records for regulatory compliance, quality control and staff training, preventing or detecting criminal activity and for complaint resolution.

Disclosure of your information

9\. We may give information about you to the following companies and organisations who may use it for the same purposes as set out above:  
(a) to other companies in the Group.  
(b) to employees and agents of the Group and other approved third parties to administer any accounts, products and services provided to you by the Group now or in the future.  
(c) to agents who (on our behalf) profile your data so that we may tailor the goods/services we offer to your specific needs.  
(d) to other organisations for the administration of prize draws or competitions.  
(e) to anyone to whom we transfer our rights and duties under our agreement with you.  
(f) if we have a duty to do so or if the law allows us to do so.

10\. We refer in paragraph 4 above to the fact that we may carry out credit reference agency searches to obtain information about you. These agencies record those searches. In addition to the purposes listed above, we may also share information about you and the conduct of your account with credit reference agencies, other lenders and relevant third parties including our legal advisors and debt recovery agencies.

11\. In carrying out the activities specified in this policy, we may transfer data to reputable companies outside the European Economic Area. Whilst we take reasonable steps to ensure that your information will be afforded the same level of protection as that required of us under applicable UK data protection legislation you should be aware that countries outside the European Economic Area may not offer the same level of protection of personal data.

Cookies

13\. This site uses cookies which are text files which contain small amounts of information that a website can send to, and store on, your computer or device through your browser. Cookies may be used by us to provide you with, for example, customised information from our website to make our website more user-friendly. This may include, for example, remembering your postcode for you so you don't have to re-enter it every time you check the stock levels for an item you are interested in. In addition, cookies allow us to understand who has seen which pages and advertisements, to determine how frequently particular pages are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our website.

14\. We are required to provide you with clear and comprehensive information about the cookies which we use on the site and to obtain your consent to the use of the cookies. In order to comply with these requirements we have prepared a cookies policy setting out information about cookies, detailing the cookies we use and providing information on how to manage cookies on your computer.

15\. By using the Argos website, mobile website and Apps, you are agreeing to our Privacy and cookie policies and consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies by us and our carefully selected third party partners as described in these policies. If you do not agree to such use, please see the Managing your cookies section for details on how to adjust your settings.

For full details about our cookie policy, please see our Cookie policy page.

Security

16\. We will treat all of your information in strict confidence and we will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose online. You accept the inherent security risks of providing information and dealing online over the Internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.

17\. For further information about the steps we take to protect your information and make online shopping as secure as possible, please see information on Secure online shopping.

Product reviews

18\. Around 2 weeks after receiving your product, we may send you an email inviting you to review and rate the product that you purchased. In addition, sometimes we may also ask you if you would like to answer questions related to your product submitted by other customers.

Please be aware that:  

*   your review may be shared on other Home Retail Group sites.
*   once submitted, it usually takes 72 hours for your review, question or answer to appear on the website providing it adheres to our Publishing guidelines.
*   your review can be submitted anonymously or if you prefer you can leave a ratings only review.
*   it is not possible for you to edit/remove your review after submission

If you require any further information on this service or wish to have your review removed, you can contact Customer services.

19\. We may in our absolute discretion accept or reject any product review which may be submitted to us and may edit any such review for both length and/or content as we see fit. All reviews are submitted on the basis that Argos or any member of the Group may use the review in any format and for any purpose as it sees fit and for any marketing or promotional purposes.

General

20\. You have the right to see personal data (as defined in the Data Protection Act) that we keep about you upon receipt of a written request and payment of a fee (see Contact us below).

21\. If you are concerned that any of the information we hold on you is incorrect please Contact Us.

22\. Please be aware that our site may link to other websites which may be accessed through our site. We are not responsible for the data policies or procedures or the content of these linked websites.

How can I get my name removed from the argos.co.uk mailing list?

23\. If you want to be removed from our mailing list, please send an email to reply@argos.co.uk with the word 'remove' in the subject line and the email address that you wish to be removed within the email. Please note that it may take up to 28 days to action your request. In addition, each electronic mailing we send you will contain details of how you can unsubscribe.

How do I change any details stored on Argos.co.uk?

24\. To change any of your registered details on argos.co.uk, click on 'Sign in' and enter your login name and password. Once logged in change any of the details shown and click 'update my details'. For further information about shopping on argos.co.uk, please read our Terms and conditions and Home delivery information.

Contact Us

25\. If you have any comments or queries in connection with our privacy policy, please Email customer services or call 0845 640 2020 or write to the Legal Department at Home Retail Group plc, 489-499 Avebury Boulevard, Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, MK92NW.

Changes to policy

26\. We may amend and update this policy from time to time. Any changes in the future will be posted on this page. The date of the latest update to this privacy policy is set out at the top of this policy.

Commit message:

Update Argos/Privacy Policy.html
This version was recorded after filtering snapshot ee20c575a51e09224c868f94a1c9156eff13c73e
Snapshot originally obtained on 2015-10-21

Argos/Privacy Policy.md, after:

\>. Customer services >. Privacy Policy Privacy Policy

(Updated 21st October 2015)

The Website is operated by Argos Limited ("Argos/we/our/us") a company incorporated in England (Company Number 01081551) with registered office at 489-499 Avebury Boulevard, Central Milton Keynes, MK9 2NW. Argos is a member of the Home Retail Group ("the Group"). The Group ("we", "us") includes Argos Limited, Argos Business Solutions Limited, Home Retail Group Card Services Limited, Home Retail Group Insurance Services Limited, Home Retail Group Personal Finance Limited, ARG Personal Loans Limited, Homebase Limited, Argos Business Solutions Limited, Habitat Retail Limited and their associated companies. A full list of companies is available upon request (See 'Contact Us' below).

As user of the website (referred to as "you/your") you acknowledge that any use of this website (including any transactions you make) is subject to this Privacy Policy together with our Terms and Conditions.

The purpose of this statement is to set out the purposes for which, and the manner in which, we may collect and use personal information that we may obtain about you.

Argos does not knowingly collect data from any unsupervised person under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you must not use the Argos website or submit any personal data to us unless you have the consent of, and are supervised by, a parent or guardian.

Use of your personal information  
Crime prevention  
Telephone calls  
Disclosure of your information  
Cookies  
Security  
Product reviews  
General  
How can I get my name removed from the argos.co.uk mailing list?  
How do I change any details stored on argos.co.uk?  
Contact us  
Changes to policy

Use of your personal information

1\. When you register and use this site:

*   You will be asked to provide certain information such as your name, contact details and possibly credit card or other payment details. We will store this data and hold it on computers or otherwise. We will use this data to fulfil our agreement with you.
*   Some of our services will require further details. For example, when using the Gift list service, this will require further information to set up and maintain your gift list and allow your chosen guests to see your list details.
*   In addition, we may gather other information about your use of the website, including by the use of cookies (see section on Cookies below).

2\. We may use information that you provide or that is obtained by us:  
(a) to register you with our website and to manage any account you hold with us.  
(b) to administer our website services.  
(c) to give to companies and organisations whose products we provide to you, e.g. product, home and motor, financial and travel services.  
(d) to fulfil our agreement with you and to process your order and obtain payment.  
(e) to analyse and profile your shopping preferences e.g. (market, customer and product analysis) to enable us (i) to provide you with a personalised browsing experience when using the website and (ii) to review, develop and improve the products and services which we offer and to enable us to provide you and other customers with relevant information through our marketing programme.  
(f) we may use your information to make decisions about you using computerised technology, for example automatically selecting products and/or services which we think will interest you from the information we have.  
(g) Where you have agreed that we may do so, we may keep you informed of products and services (including products and services of other companies and organisations and including special offers, discounts, offers, competitions, warranties, insurance and so on) which we consider may be of interest to you by any of the following methods:

*   Email
*   Telephone (including automated calls)
*   SMS text messages and other electronic messages such as picture messaging
*   Post

3\. If you do not wish to receive information of products and services which may be of interest to you from us, you can select the opt-out option when you submit your details or you can unsubscribe at any time by sending us an email as described in paragraph 23 below or by signing in and changing your preferences on our website.

4\. We may supplement the information that you provide to us with information that we receive from third parties. In particular we will carry out searches with credit reference agencies.

5\. We may engage third party payment providers to administer and process your payment card details in order to complete any purchase that you make through the website.

6\. We may store and process your information on our own information technology systems or on systems owned by third parties that may store and process your information on our behalf.

Crime prevention

7\. In order to protect our customers and us from fraud and theft, we may pass on information that we obtain from making identity checks and other information in our customer records, including how you conduct your account, to other Group companies, other retailers and to financial and other organisations involved in fraud prevention and detection, to use in the same way. Without limitation to the foregoing, we may disclose any information and data relating to you to the police or any regulatory or government authority including and not limited to law enforcement agencies in response to a request in connection with the investigation of any suspected illegal activities.

Telephone calls

8\. Calls may be recorded to verify content and may be used together with other customer records for regulatory compliance, quality control and staff training, preventing or detecting criminal activity and for complaint resolution.

Disclosure of your information

9\. We may give information about you to the following companies and organisations who may use it for the same purposes as set out above:  
(a) to other companies in the Group.  
(b) to employees and agents of the Group and other approved third parties to administer any accounts, products and services provided to you by the Group now or in the future.  
(c) to agents who (on our behalf) profile your data so that we may tailor the goods/services we offer to your specific needs.  
(d) to other organisations for the administration of prize draws or competitions.  
(e) to anyone to whom we transfer our rights and duties under our agreement with you.  
(f) if we have a duty to do so or if the law allows us to do so.

10\. We refer in paragraph 4 above to the fact that we may carry out credit reference agency searches to obtain information about you. These agencies record those searches. In addition to the purposes listed above, we may also share information about you and the conduct of your account with credit reference agencies, other lenders and relevant third parties including our legal advisors and debt recovery agencies.

11\. In carrying out the activities specified in this policy, we may transfer data to reputable companies outside the European Economic Area. Whilst we take reasonable steps to ensure that your information will be afforded the same level of protection as that required of us under applicable UK data protection legislation you should be aware that countries outside the European Economic Area may not offer the same level of protection of personal data.

Cookies

13\. This site uses cookies which are text files which contain small amounts of information that a website can send to, and store on, your computer or device through your browser. Cookies may be used by us to provide you with, for example, customised information from our website to make our website more user-friendly. This may include, for example, remembering your postcode for you so you don't have to re-enter it every time you check the stock levels for an item you are interested in. In addition, cookies allow us to understand who has seen which pages and advertisements, to determine how frequently particular pages are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our website.

14\. We are required to provide you with clear and comprehensive information about the cookies which we use on the site and to obtain your consent to the use of the cookies. In order to comply with these requirements we have prepared a cookies policy setting out information about cookies, detailing the cookies we use and providing information on how to manage cookies on your computer.

15\. By using the Argos website, mobile website and Apps, you are agreeing to our Privacy and cookie policies and consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies by us and our carefully selected third party partners as described in these policies. If you do not agree to such use, please see the Managing your cookies section for details on how to adjust your settings.

For full details about our cookie policy, please see our Cookie policy page.

Security

16\. We will treat all of your information in strict confidence and we will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose online. You accept the inherent security risks of providing information and dealing online over the Internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.

17\. For further information about the steps we take to protect your information and make online shopping as secure as possible, please see information on Secure online shopping.

Product reviews

18\. Around 2 weeks after receiving your product, we may send you an email inviting you to review and rate the product that you purchased. In addition, sometimes we may also ask you if you would like to answer questions related to your product submitted by other customers.

Please be aware that:  

*   your review may be shared on other Home Retail Group sites.
*   once submitted, it usually takes 72 hours for your review, question or answer to appear on the website providing it adheres to our Publishing guidelines.
*   your review can be submitted anonymously or if you prefer you can leave a ratings only review.
*   it is not possible for you to edit/remove your review after submission

If you require any further information on this service or wish to have your review removed, you can contact Customer services.

19\. We may in our absolute discretion accept or reject any product review which may be submitted to us and may edit any such review for both length and/or content as we see fit. All reviews are submitted on the basis that Argos or any member of the Group may use the review in any format and for any purpose as it sees fit and for any marketing or promotional purposes.

General

20\. You have the right to see personal data (as defined in the Data Protection Act) that we keep about you upon receipt of a written request and payment of a fee (see Contact us below).

21\. If you are concerned that any of the information we hold on you is incorrect please Contact Us.

22\. Please be aware that our site may link to other websites which may be accessed through our site. We are not responsible for the data policies or procedures or the content of these linked websites.

How can I get my name removed from the argos.co.uk mailing list?

23\. If you want to be removed from our mailing list, please send an email to reply@argos.co.uk with the word 'remove' in the subject line and the email address that you wish to be removed within the email. Please note that it may take up to 28 days to action your request. In addition, each electronic mailing we send you will contain details of how you can unsubscribe.

How do I change any details stored on Argos.co.uk?

24\. To change any of your registered details on argos.co.uk, click on 'Sign in' and enter your login name and password. Once logged in change any of the details shown and click 'update my details'. For further information about shopping on argos.co.uk, please read our Terms and conditions and Home delivery information.

Contact Us

25\. If you have any comments or queries in connection with our privacy policy, please Email customer services or call 0845 640 2020 or write to the Legal Department at Home Retail Group plc, 489-499 Avebury Boulevard, Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, MK92NW.

Changes to policy

26\. We may amend and update this policy from time to time. Any changes in the future will be posted on this page. The date of the latest update to this privacy policy is set out at the top of this policy.
