Nature/Privacy Policy.md, before:

Start receiving our award-winning magazine today!

Subscribe

*   Magazine
*   News &. Media
*   Blogs
*   My Nature

Search:Search Donate Now

*   **Where** We Work \[close\] Worldwide
    
    *   Africa
    *   Australia
    *   Asia &. the Pacific Islands
    *   Caribbean
    *   Central America
    *   North America
    *   South America
    *   Europe
    
    United States
    
    *   Alabama
    *   Alaska
    *   Arizona
    *   Arkansas
    *   California
    *   Colorado
    *   Connecticut
    *   Delaware
    *   Florida
    *   Georgia
    *   Hawaii
    *   Idaho
    *   Illinois
    *   Indiana
    *   Iowa
    *   Kansas
    *   Kentucky
    
    *   Louisiana
    *   Maine
    *   Maryland/DC
    *   Massachusetts
    *   Michigan
    *   Minnesota
    *   Mississippi
    *   Missouri
    *   Montana
    *   Nebraska
    *   Nevada
    *   New Hampshire
    *   New Jersey
    *   New Mexico
    *   New York
    *   North Carolina
    *   North Dakota
    
    *   Ohio
    *   Oklahoma
    *   Oregon
    *   Pennsylvania
    *   Rhode Island
    *   South Carolina
    *   South Dakota
    *   Tennessee
    *   Texas
    *   Utah
    *   Vermont
    *   Virginia
    *   Washington
    *   West Virginia
    *   Wisconsin
    *   Wyoming
*   **How** We Work \[close\]
    
    *   **Who We Work With**
        
        We pursue pragmatic, market-based solutions to conservation challenges.
        
    *   **Why We're Effective**
        
        Our methods make for efficient conservation work.
        
    *   **Get Involved**
        
        We can't do our work without you!
        
    
    Habitats
    
    *   Rivers and Lakes
    *   Oceans and Coasts
    *   Forests
    *   Grasslands and Prairies
    *   Deserts and Aridlands
    
    Urgent Issues
    *   Conservation Action
    *   Climate Change
    *   Water
    *   Rainforests
    *   Coral Reefs
    *   Migratory Birds
    *   Land Conservation
    *   People and Conservation
    *   Smart Development
    *   Global Agriculture
    *   Energy
*   **Science** in Action \[close\]
    
    *   **SNAP**
        
        The intersection of nature conservation, economic development and human well-being.
        
    *   **Smart Birding Apps**
        
        Which one is right for you?
        
    *   **10 Refuges To Explore**
        
        Top picks for world-class nature experiences.
        
    
    Leading with Science
    
    *   Signature Science
    *   NatureNet Fellows
    *   Conservancy Science  
        &. Dow
    
    Cool Green Science Our Scientists
    *   Latest Research
    *   Science CouncilConservation by Design Science Features Conservation Gateway
*   **Membership** &. Giving \[close\]
    
    *   **Adopt an Acre**
        
        Help protect the most beautiful places on Earth.
        
    *   **Gift Memberships**
        
        Give a personalized gift that protects critical places.
        
    *   **Renew Now**
        
        We can't continue our work without you.
        
    
    Donation
    
    *   Donate Now
    *   Monthly Giving
    *   Gift Ideas
    *   Alternate Ways to Pay
    
    Membership
    
    *   Become a Member
    *   Renew Membership
    *   Gift Memberships
    *   Membership Benefits
    *   Special Memberships
    
    More Ways to Give
    *   Tribute &. Honor Giving
    *   Gift &. Estate Planning
    *   Gifts of Stock
    *   Employer Giving
    *   Everyday Ways to Help
    *   Birthday Ecards
    *   Personal Fundraising
*   **Photos** &. Videos \[close\]
    
    *   **Behind the Lens**
        
        Go behind the lens with our professional photographers.
        
    *   **Our Challenge**
        
        Learn how The Nature Conservancy works to balance the needs of a growing population with those of nature.
        
    *   **Thanks to You**
        
        Without you, none of our work would be possible!
        
    
    Photography
    
    *   Natural Light
    *   Mark Godfrey Selects
    *   Photo of the Month Desktop Wallpaper
    *   Featured Image Desktop Wallpaper
    *   Facebook Timeline Photos
    *   Mobile Wallpaper
    *   Nature Ecards
    *   Photo Contest
    *   Share Your Photos
    
    Public Service Advertisements Video
    *   Featured Videos
    *   Our Work
    *   About Us
    *   Our Successes
    *   Behind the Lens
*   **About** Us \[close\]
    
    *   **_Nature Conservancy_ Magazine**
        
        Our award-winning publication covers the best of our work. 
        
    *   **Our Accountability**
        
        Learn about our financials, charity ratings, and all that we've accomplished.
        
    *   **Get Involved**
        
        We can't do our work without you!
        
    
    Vision and Mission
    
    *   Our History
    *   Our Values
    *   Testimonials
    
    Our Governance Our Accountability
    
    *   Annual Report &. Financials
    *   Our Charity Ratings
    *   Charitable Solicitation Disclosure
    
    Why We're Effective Private Lands Conservation Working with Companies Working with Leaders Our Partners in Conservation Careers
    *   GLOBE Internship Program
    *   LEAF Internships for Urban YouthDiversity &. Inclusion Contact Us Social Media Volunteer

About Us

*   Vision and Mission
*   Our Governance
*   Board of Directors
*   Trustees
*   Executive Team
*   Latin America Conservation Council
*   Investment Policy
*   Ethics and Compliance
*   Terms of Use
*   Our Accountability
*   Why We're Effective
*   Private Lands Conservation
*   Working with Companies
*   Working with Leaders
*   Our Partners in Conservation
*   Campaign for a Sustainable Planet
*   Careers
*   Diversity &. Inclusion
*   Contact Us
*   Social Media
*   Volunteer: Connect with Nature
*   Visit a Preserve
*   Where We Work
*   How We Work
*   Science in Action
*   Membership &. Giving
*   Photos &. Video
*   News &. Features
*   Gift and Estate Planning
*   Green Living
*   Member Care

Home >. About Us >. Our Governance >. About the Website Privacy Policy

About Us Privacy Statement Field being planted with native seeds in an effort to revegetate and connect a 620 mile swath of native bushland in the Gondwana Link land of south Western Australia. One of the goals of the Gondwana Link Project has long been to restore native vegetation to previously cleared lands. Photograph taken for The Nature Conservancy's Design For A Living World project, exhibit and book. © Ami Vitale By visiting the Website, you are accepting the policies described in this Privacy Policy. Story Highlights

The Nature Conservancy Website Privacy Policy

Download printable version (.pdf)

**La** **st updated**: December 16, 2013

The Nature Conservancy (the “Conservancy”) takes your privacy very seriously. This Privacy Policy applies to the following sites: www.nature.org (and each sub-domain associated with this URL) and other websites owned and/or operated by or for the Conservancy, including mobile sites (collectively, the "Sites"). By visiting the Sites, you are accepting the policies described in this Privacy Policy.   If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you are not permitted to use the Sites. The Conservancy may revise this privacy policy from time to time. We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back periodically. Your continued use of the Sites after changes have been posted will constitute your acceptance of such changes.

**What information we collect:** The Nature Conservancy may ask for and collect from you personally identifiable information at various points throughout the site.  Depending on the information and/or services you request, you may be asked to provide your name, email address, address, phone number, payment details, and similar information.  Once you provide your personal information, you are not anonymous to The Nature Conservancy.

**Credit Card Information:**  If you choose to provide your credit card information to the Nature Conservancy we will use that information for the purposes for which it was provided.

**How The Nature Conservancy uses your information:** The Nature Conservancy may use your information:

*   To process and respond to inquiries and for the purposes for which you provided the information, such as to process donations, register or renew you as a member, purchase merchandise, or receive information about a project.
*   To personalize the content and improve the navigability of the Website.
*   To alert you to new projects, site features, special events and services.
*   To conduct surveys to measure your satisfaction with our service.
*   To enforce our Terms of Use.

The Nature Conservancy processes your information on servers located in the United States.

**Who The Nature Conservancy shares the information with:** Subject to your right to opt-out (discussed later in this policy), The Nature Conservancy may share your name and postal address (but not your email address) with organizations that offer products or services that we believe may interest you.  The Nature Conservancy may also share your information with third parties in the following situations (i) to complete your request, e.g. providing information about a project, product, or service. (ii) to outsource one or more of the functions described above. or (iii) to share your information with the authorities in response to a legal order or official request, or when we believe you have acted in violation of our Terms of Use.   
    
**Where and when The Nature Conservancy collects information on the Website:**  In addition to the information you knowingly provide, The Nature Conservancy also collects the domain names and IP addresses used by people that visit us, as well as site usage statistics such as web browser types and page requests. This data is not usually personally identifiable, and is used to more efficiently operate The Nature Conservancy’s business, prepare for network load demands, promote our organization and administer the Website. 

**How we collect information:**  In addition to the information gathered as described above, there is a technology called "cookies" that can be used to provide you with tailored information from a website.  A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then – depending on your web browser’s settings – store it on your system.  For example, some pages on the Website use cookies so that The Nature Conservancy can better serve you when you return to the Website.  Depending on the type of browser you use, you can probably set it to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to accept or reject it.  However, please note that disabling cookies may prevent you from taking advantage of certain features on the Website. Please note that our system may not respond to some or all Do Not Track requests.

**How we protect information:**  The Nature Conservancy has taken certain physical, administrative and technical steps to safeguard customer information which may include but are not limited to password restricted access to personal information and encrypting data where applicable. We take efforts to help ensure the security, integrity and confidentiality of customer information. however, no transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.

**Children:** This Website is not directed toward children under 13 years of age nor does The Nature Conservancy knowingly collect information from children under 13.  If you are under 13, please do not submit any personally identifiable information to The Nature Conservancy.

**Choice:**  The Nature Conservancy may share your name and postal address with organizations that offer products and services that we believe may interest you.  You have the right to opt-out of such information sharing.  The Nature Conservancy may also use your personal information to send you surveys or email messages about Nature Conservancy projects, events, and services.  You may also choose to **opt-out of receiving email** and information from The Nature Conservancy. Finally, you may choose to de-activate your Nature Conservancy membership.  To opt-out or change your preferences at any time, **Click here to send an email to request deactivation of your membership or to make any other change**. 

If you prefer, you may opt-out by calling our Member Care Team toll-free at (800) 628-6860 Monday through Friday between 9:00 am and 5:00 pm Eastern Time.

**Your California Privacy Rights:** If you are a California resident, you are entitled by law to request an Information Sharing Disclosure.  If you provide notice to the address below, we will provide you with a notice of your right to prevent sharing of your personal information as well as a cost-free means of doing so.  To receive such a notice, submit a written request to the address listed in the Access section below, specifying that you seek your "California Customer Choice Notice."  Please allow thirty days for a response.

**Access:**  If you would like us to update your contact information or any other part of your membership file, please call our Member Care Team toll-free at (800) 628-6860 Monday through Friday between 9:00 am and 5:00pm Eastern Time, **contact us online** or write us at:

Attn:  Member Care Team   
The Nature Conservancy   
4245 N. Fairfax Drive   
Suite 100   
Arlington, VA  22203 USA

**Links:**  The Website contains links to third-party websites.  The Nature Conservancy is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.   
 **Emails:**  This privacy policy applies to the Website and is inapplicable to information that you may send to The Nature Conservancy by email or other means of communication.  We may retain your emails or other communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.

**Contacts:**  If you have any questions, concerns, or suggestions regarding this privacy policy, please **contact us online** to send us an email or call our Member Care Team toll-free at 1 (800) 628-6860 Monday through Friday between 9:00 am and 5:00pm Eastern Time.

Donate to The Nature Conservancy

When you donate today, you’ll help The Nature Conservancy protect the most vital habitats on Earth.  

Donate Now Featured Articles Give a Gift Membership

With this gift of nature, _Nature Conservancy_ magazine arrives all year long. Join

An Acre is the Perfect Gift

Adopt an Acre for everyone on your list! Adopt

Make Your Tax-Deductible Gift

Give to nature this holiday season! Donate

Sign Up for Nature e-News Get our email updates filled with eco-tips and info on the places you care about most. GO We’re Accountable

The Nature Conservancy makes careful use of your support.

More Ratings

Find Us On...

Facebook

Twitter

Flickr

Google Plus

Linked In

Instagram

WeChat

*   Where We Work
    *   Worldwide
    *   Africa
    *   Asia &. the Pacific
    *   Caribbean
    *   Central America
    *   Europe
    *   North America
    *   South America
*   How We Work
    *   Habitats
    *   Urgent Issues
*   Science in Action
    *   Conservation by Design
    *   Our Scientists
    *   Science Council
    *   Science Features
    *   Conservation Gateway
*   Membership &. Giving
    *   Donate Now
    *   Monthly Giving
    *   Become a Member
    *   Renew Membership
    *   MyNature Page
    *   Gift &. Estate Planning
    *   Tribute &. Honor Giving
    *   Gift Memberships
    *   Gift Ideas
    *   Birthday Ecards
*   Photos &. Video
    *   Photography
    *   Video
    *   Public Service Advertisements
*   About Us
    *   Vision &. Mission
    *   Our Governance
    *   Our Accountability
    *   Why We're Effective
    *   Working with Companies
    *   Our Partners in Conservation
    *   Careers
    *   Diversity
    *   Social Media
    *   Volunteer

*   Contact Us   |  
*   Help/FAQs   |  
*   Provide Feedback   |  
*   News &. Features   |  
*   Green Living   |  
*   Advertise with Us

Our Family of Sites

*   Across the Globe
    *   Australia: English
    *   Brazil: Portugues
    *   China: 简体中文
    *   Hong Kong: 繁體中文 | English
    *   Indonesia: Indonesian | English
    *   Latin America: Español
*   More Sites
    *   Adopt an Acre
    *   Blogs
    *   Carbon Calculator
    *   Climate Wizard
    *   Conservation Gateway
    *   _Nature Conservancy_ Magazine
    *   Nature Rocks
    *   Nature Works Everywhere
    *   Plant a Billion Trees
    *   Science for Nature &. People
    *   Use Your Outside Voice

**Copyright © 2015 The Nature Conservancy. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Charitable Solicitations**

The Nature Conservancy is a nonprofit, tax-exempt charitable organization (tax identification number 53-0242652) under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. Donations are tax-deductible as allowed by law.

Commit message:

Update Nature Privacy Policy
This version was recorded after filtering snapshot 1a2b8210790a187ce0a3e0b0a485602f8422565d
Snapshot originally obtained on 2015-01-07

Nature/Privacy Policy.md, after:

Start receiving our award-winning magazine today!

Subscribe

*   Magazine
*   News &. Media
*   Blogs
*   My Nature

Search:Search Donate Now

*   **Where** We Work \[close\] Worldwide
    
    *   Africa
    *   Australia
    *   Asia &. the Pacific Islands
    *   Caribbean
    *   Central America
    *   North America
    *   South America
    *   Europe
    
    United States
    
    *   Alabama
    *   Alaska
    *   Arizona
    *   Arkansas
    *   California
    *   Colorado
    *   Connecticut
    *   Delaware
    *   Florida
    *   Georgia
    *   Hawaii
    *   Idaho
    *   Illinois
    *   Indiana
    *   Iowa
    *   Kansas
    *   Kentucky
    
    *   Louisiana
    *   Maine
    *   Maryland/DC
    *   Massachusetts
    *   Michigan
    *   Minnesota
    *   Mississippi
    *   Missouri
    *   Montana
    *   Nebraska
    *   Nevada
    *   New Hampshire
    *   New Jersey
    *   New Mexico
    *   New York
    *   North Carolina
    *   North Dakota
    
    *   Ohio
    *   Oklahoma
    *   Oregon
    *   Pennsylvania
    *   Rhode Island
    *   South Carolina
    *   South Dakota
    *   Tennessee
    *   Texas
    *   Utah
    *   Vermont
    *   Virginia
    *   Washington
    *   West Virginia
    *   Wisconsin
    *   Wyoming
*   **How** We Work \[close\]
    
    *   **Who We Work With**
        
        We pursue pragmatic, market-based solutions to conservation challenges.
        
    *   **Why We're Effective**
        
        Our methods make for efficient conservation work.
        
    *   **Get Involved**
        
        We can't do our work without you!
        
    
    Habitats
    
    *   Rivers and Lakes
    *   Oceans and Coasts
    *   Forests
    *   Grasslands and Prairies
    *   Deserts and Aridlands
    
    Urgent Issues
    *   Conservation Action
    *   Climate Change
    *   Water
    *   Rainforests
    *   Coral Reefs
    *   Migratory Birds
    *   Land Conservation
    *   People and Conservation
    *   Smart Development
    *   Global Agriculture
    *   Energy
*   **Science** in Action \[close\]
    
    *   **SNAP**
        
        The intersection of nature conservation, economic development and human well-being.
        
    *   **Smart Birding Apps**
        
        Which one is right for you?
        
    *   **10 Refuges To Explore**
        
        Top picks for world-class nature experiences.
        
    
    Leading with Science
    
    *   Signature Science
    *   NatureNet Fellows
    *   Conservancy Science  
        &. Dow
    
    Cool Green Science Our Scientists
    *   Latest Research
    *   Science CouncilConservation by Design Science Features Conservation Gateway
*   **Membership** &. Giving \[close\]
    
    *   **Adopt an Acre**
        
        Help protect the most beautiful places on Earth.
        
    *   **Gift Memberships**
        
        Give a personalized gift that protects critical places.
        
    *   **Renew Now**
        
        We can't continue our work without you.
        
    
    Donation
    
    *   Donate Now
    *   Monthly Giving
    *   Gift Ideas
    *   Alternate Ways to Pay
    
    Membership
    
    *   Become a Member
    *   Renew Membership
    *   Gift Memberships
    *   Membership Benefits
    *   Special Memberships
    
    More Ways to Give
    *   Tribute &. Honor Giving
    *   Gift &. Estate Planning
    *   Gifts of Stock
    *   Employer Giving
    *   Everyday Ways to Help
    *   Birthday Ecards
    *   Personal Fundraising
*   **Photos** &. Videos \[close\]
    
    *   **Behind the Lens**
        
        Go behind the lens with our professional photographers.
        
    *   **Our Challenge**
        
        Learn how The Nature Conservancy works to balance the needs of a growing population with those of nature.
        
    *   **Thanks to You**
        
        Without you, none of our work would be possible!
        
    
    Photography
    
    *   Natural Light
    *   Mark Godfrey Selects
    *   Photo of the Month Desktop Wallpaper
    *   Featured Image Desktop Wallpaper
    *   Facebook Timeline Photos
    *   Mobile Wallpaper
    *   Nature Ecards
    *   Photo Contest
    *   Share Your Photos
    
    Public Service Advertisements Video
    *   Featured Videos
    *   Our Work
    *   About Us
    *   Our Successes
    *   Behind the Lens
*   **About** Us \[close\]
    
    *   **_Nature Conservancy_ Magazine**
        
        Our award-winning publication covers the best of our work. 
        
    *   **Our Accountability**
        
        Learn about our financials, charity ratings, and all that we've accomplished.
        
    *   **Get Involved**
        
        We can't do our work without you!
        
    
    Vision and Mission
    
    *   Our History
    *   Our Values
    *   Testimonials
    
    Our Governance Our Accountability
    
    *   Annual Report &. Financials
    *   Our Charity Ratings
    *   Charitable Solicitation Disclosure
    
    Why We're Effective Private Lands Conservation Working with Companies Working with Leaders Our Partners in Conservation Careers
    *   GLOBE Internship Program
    *   LEAF Internships for Urban YouthDiversity &. Inclusion Contact Us Social Media Volunteer

About Us

*   Vision and Mission
*   Our Governance
*   Board of Directors
*   Trustees
*   Executive Team
*   Latin America Conservation Council
*   Investment Policy
*   Ethics and Compliance
*   Terms of Use
*   Our Accountability
*   Why We're Effective
*   Private Lands Conservation
*   Working with Companies
*   Working with Leaders
*   Our Partners in Conservation
*   Campaign for a Sustainable Planet
*   Careers
*   Diversity &. Inclusion
*   Contact Us
*   Social Media
*   Volunteer: Connect with Nature
*   Visit a Preserve
*   Where We Work
*   How We Work
*   Science in Action
*   Membership &. Giving
*   Photos &. Video
*   News &. Features
*   Gift and Estate Planning
*   Green Living
*   Member Care

Home >. About Us >. Our Governance >. About the Website Privacy Policy

About Us Privacy Statement Field being planted with native seeds in an effort to revegetate and connect a 620 mile swath of native bushland in the Gondwana Link land of south Western Australia. One of the goals of the Gondwana Link Project has long been to restore native vegetation to previously cleared lands. Photograph taken for The Nature Conservancy's Design For A Living World project, exhibit and book. © Ami Vitale By visiting the Website, you are accepting the policies described in this Privacy Policy. Story Highlights

The Nature Conservancy Website Privacy Policy

Download printable version (.pdf)

**La** **st updated**: December 16, 2013

The Nature Conservancy (the “Conservancy”) takes your privacy very seriously. This Privacy Policy applies to the following sites: www.nature.org (and each sub-domain associated with this URL) and other websites owned and/or operated by or for the Conservancy, including mobile sites (collectively, the "Sites"). By visiting the Sites, you are accepting the policies described in this Privacy Policy.   If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you are not permitted to use the Sites. The Conservancy may revise this privacy policy from time to time. We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back periodically. Your continued use of the Sites after changes have been posted will constitute your acceptance of such changes.

**What information we collect:** The Nature Conservancy may ask for and collect from you personally identifiable information at various points throughout the site.  Depending on the information and/or services you request, you may be asked to provide your name, email address, address, phone number, payment details, and similar information.  Once you provide your personal information, you are not anonymous to The Nature Conservancy.

**Credit Card Information:**  If you choose to provide your credit card information to the Nature Conservancy we will use that information for the purposes for which it was provided.

**How The Nature Conservancy uses your information:** The Nature Conservancy may use your information:

*   To process and respond to inquiries and for the purposes for which you provided the information, such as to process donations, register or renew you as a member, purchase merchandise, or receive information about a project.
*   To personalize the content and improve the navigability of the Website.
*   To alert you to new projects, site features, special events and services.
*   To conduct surveys to measure your satisfaction with our service.
*   To enforce our Terms of Use.

The Nature Conservancy processes your information on servers located in the United States.

**Who The Nature Conservancy shares the information with:** Subject to your right to opt-out (discussed later in this policy), The Nature Conservancy may share your name and postal address (but not your email address) with organizations that offer products or services that we believe may interest you.  The Nature Conservancy may also share your information with third parties in the following situations (i) to complete your request, e.g. providing information about a project, product, or service. (ii) to outsource one or more of the functions described above. or (iii) to share your information with the authorities in response to a legal order or official request, or when we believe you have acted in violation of our Terms of Use.   
    
**Where and when The Nature Conservancy collects information on the Website:**  In addition to the information you knowingly provide, The Nature Conservancy also collects the domain names and IP addresses used by people that visit us, as well as site usage statistics such as web browser types and page requests. This data is not usually personally identifiable, and is used to more efficiently operate The Nature Conservancy’s business, prepare for network load demands, promote our organization and administer the Website. 

**How we collect information:**  In addition to the information gathered as described above, there is a technology called "cookies" that can be used to provide you with tailored information from a website.  A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then – depending on your web browser’s settings – store it on your system.  For example, some pages on the Website use cookies so that The Nature Conservancy can better serve you when you return to the Website.  Depending on the type of browser you use, you can probably set it to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to accept or reject it.  However, please note that disabling cookies may prevent you from taking advantage of certain features on the Website. Please note that our system may not respond to some or all Do Not Track requests.

**How we protect information:**  The Nature Conservancy has taken certain physical, administrative and technical steps to safeguard customer information which may include but are not limited to password restricted access to personal information and encrypting data where applicable. We take efforts to help ensure the security, integrity and confidentiality of customer information. however, no transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.

**Children:** This Website is not directed toward children under 13 years of age nor does The Nature Conservancy knowingly collect information from children under 13.  If you are under 13, please do not submit any personally identifiable information to The Nature Conservancy.

**Choice:**  The Nature Conservancy may share your name and postal address with organizations that offer products and services that we believe may interest you.  You have the right to opt-out of such information sharing.  The Nature Conservancy may also use your personal information to send you surveys or email messages about Nature Conservancy projects, events, and services.  You may also choose to **opt-out of receiving email** and information from The Nature Conservancy. Finally, you may choose to de-activate your Nature Conservancy membership.  To opt-out or change your preferences at any time, **Click here to send an email to request deactivation of your membership or to make any other change**. 

If you prefer, you may opt-out by calling our Member Care Team toll-free at (800) 628-6860 Monday through Friday between 9:00 am and 5:00 pm Eastern Time.

**Your California Privacy Rights:** If you are a California resident, you are entitled by law to request an Information Sharing Disclosure.  If you provide notice to the address below, we will provide you with a notice of your right to prevent sharing of your personal information as well as a cost-free means of doing so.  To receive such a notice, submit a written request to the address listed in the Access section below, specifying that you seek your "California Customer Choice Notice."  Please allow thirty days for a response.

**Access:**  If you would like us to update your contact information or any other part of your membership file, please call our Member Care Team toll-free at (800) 628-6860 Monday through Friday between 9:00 am and 5:00pm Eastern Time, **contact us online** or write us at:

Attn:  Member Care Team   
The Nature Conservancy   
4245 N. Fairfax Drive   
Suite 100   
Arlington, VA  22203 USA

**Links:**  The Website contains links to third-party websites.  The Nature Conservancy is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.   
 **Emails:**  This privacy policy applies to the Website and is inapplicable to information that you may send to The Nature Conservancy by email or other means of communication.  We may retain your emails or other communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.

**Contacts:**  If you have any questions, concerns, or suggestions regarding this privacy policy, please **contact us online** to send us an email or call our Member Care Team toll-free at 1 (800) 628-6860 Monday through Friday between 9:00 am and 5:00pm Eastern Time.

Donate to The Nature Conservancy

When you donate today, you’ll help The Nature Conservancy protect the most vital habitats on Earth.  

Donate Now Featured Articles Give a Gift Membership

With this gift of nature, _Nature Conservancy_ magazine arrives all year long. Join

Adopt an Acre

One acre at a time can make a big difference for our landscapes! Adopt

Climate Change Tips

It's not hopeless! These tips will help stave off climate change. Read Our Tips

Sign Up for Nature e-News Get our email updates filled with eco-tips and info on the places you care about most. GO We’re Accountable

The Nature Conservancy makes careful use of your support.

More Ratings

Find Us On...

Facebook

Twitter

Flickr

Google Plus

Linked In

Instagram

WeChat

*   Where We Work
    *   Worldwide
    *   Africa
    *   Asia &. the Pacific
    *   Caribbean
    *   Central America
    *   Europe
    *   North America
    *   South America
*   How We Work
    *   Habitats
    *   Urgent Issues
*   Science in Action
    *   Conservation by Design
    *   Our Scientists
    *   Science Council
    *   Science Features
    *   Conservation Gateway
*   Membership &. Giving
    *   Donate Now
    *   Monthly Giving
    *   Become a Member
    *   Renew Membership
    *   MyNature Page
    *   Gift &. Estate Planning
    *   Tribute &. Honor Giving
    *   Gift Memberships
    *   Gift Ideas
    *   Birthday Ecards
*   Photos &. Video
    *   Photography
    *   Video
    *   Public Service Advertisements
*   About Us
    *   Vision &. Mission
    *   Our Governance
    *   Our Accountability
    *   Why We're Effective
    *   Working with Companies
    *   Our Partners in Conservation
    *   Careers
    *   Diversity
    *   Social Media
    *   Volunteer

*   Contact Us   |  
*   Help/FAQs   |  
*   Provide Feedback   |  
*   News &. Features   |  
*   Green Living   |  
*   Advertise with Us

Our Family of Sites

*   Across the Globe
    *   Australia: English
    *   Brazil: Portugues
    *   China: 简体中文
    *   Hong Kong: 繁體中文 | English
    *   Indonesia: Indonesian | English
    *   Latin America: Español
*   More Sites
    *   Adopt an Acre
    *   Blogs
    *   Carbon Calculator
    *   Climate Wizard
    *   Conservation Gateway
    *   _Nature Conservancy_ Magazine
    *   Nature Rocks
    *   Nature Works Everywhere
    *   Plant a Billion Trees
    *   Science for Nature &. People
    *   Use Your Outside Voice

**Copyright © 2015 The Nature Conservancy. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Charitable Solicitations**

The Nature Conservancy is a nonprofit, tax-exempt charitable organization (tax identification number 53-0242652) under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. Donations are tax-deductible as allowed by law.
