Shop/Privacy Policy.md, before:

Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.

Your browser currently is not set to accept Cookies. Please turn it on or check if you have another program set to block cookies.

Shop by Brand

*   Men's Brands
*   Altamont
*   Ambiguous
*   Billabong
*   Brixton
*   Bullhead
*   Crooks &. Castles
*   DC Shoes
*   Diamond Supply Co.
*   Ezekiel
*   Fox
*   Hurley
*   Insight
*   Matix
*   Modern Amusement
*   Nike
*   O'Neill
*   On The Byas
*   Quiksilver
*   Riot Society
*   RVCA
*   Vans
*   Volcom
*   Young &. Reckless
*   More >>
*   Women's Brands
*   Billabong
*   Black Poppy
*   Bullhead Black
*   Cheap Monday
*   Civil
*   Doe
*   Fox
*   Hurley
*   Insight
*   Kirra
*   LA Hearts
*   Lira
*   Metal Mulisha
*   Nollie
*   O'Neill
*   Qupid
*   Rip Curl
*   Roxy
*   RVCA
*   Steve Madden
*   Vigoss
*   Volcom
*   With Love from California
*   Young &. Reckless
*   More >>

Go My Bag0 LOG IN WITH: My Account

*   Login / Register
*   Wish List
*   Order Status

Pacsun

*   Mens
*   Womens
*   Gifts
*   Denim
*   Snow
*   Sale
*   Brands
*   Blog

The Latest

*   New Arrivals
*   PacSun Gift Cards
*   Great Deals
*   Essentials
*   Trade Collective
*   Ashley's Picks
*   Winter Sneak Peek Lookbook

Women's Apparel

*   Jeans
*   Tees
*   Tanks &. Camis
*   Tops
*   Longsleeve Tees
*   Shirts &. Flannels
*   Hoodies &. Fleece
*   Sweaters
*   Jackets
*   Dresses &. Rompers
*   Pants
*   Shorts
*   Skirts
*   Swimwear

Women's Accessories

*   Shoes
*   Handbags
*   Backpacks
*   Jewelry &. Hair
*   Belts &. Hats
*   Sunglasses
*   Fragrance
*   Legwear &. Misc.

Don't miss The Latest

*   New Arrivals
*   PacSun Gift Cards
*   Great Deals
*   Denim Fit Guide
*   Colored Twill &. Chinos

Men's Apparel

*   Jeans
*   Tees
*   V-Necks, Crews, &. Polos
*   Tanks
*   Shirts &. Flannels
*   Longsleeve Knits
*   Hoodies &. Fleece
*   Sweaters
*   Jackets
*   Pants
*   Shorts
*   Boardshorts

Men's Accessories

*   Shoes
*   Hats
*   Backpacks
*   Sunglasses
*   Headphones &. Misc
*   Watches
*   Belts
*   Wallets
*   Cologne

Don't miss Ship to Store

*   **When will my Ship to Store order arrive?**  
    Your order will be waiting for you 3-4 business days after it ships.
*   **How much does shipping cost?**  
    Shipping is free unless you’re having your order shipped to Alaska or Hawaii, in which case it will be $7.00. Ship to Store is not available in our Puerto Rico stores yet.
*   **Who can pick up the order?**  
    You must bring a photo ID to pick up your package. If someone else goes to pick it up for you, they need to bring your email confirmation, either printed out or on their smart phone or similar device.
*   **How will I know when it’s ready for pickup?**  
    Please click on the tracking link on the shipment notification email that we send you. This will take you to the FedEx site where you can track your package.
*   **How soon do I have to pick it up from the store?**  
    If you do not pick up your order from the store within 10 business days from when it arrives, you will be refunded and the product will be added to the store’s inventory for sale to the public.
*   **Can I open the order to make sure I like it?**  
    Yes! We strongly encourage you to check out your items and even try them on in the store to make sure you like the look and fit.
*   **What if I don’t like an item?**  
    You can return items in the store or simply follow the return instructions on the back of your packing slip.

Women's

*   **Shop All**
*   Shop by Style
*   Bandeau
*   Triangle
*   Halter
*   Underwire
*   Tie-Side
*   Brief
*   One-Piece

*   Shop by Brand
*   Billabong
*   Black Poppy
*   Fox
*   Hurley
*   Kirra
*   La Hearts
*   Roxy
*   Volcom

Men's

*   **Shop All**
*   Shop by Brand
*   Hurley
*   Billabong
*   O'Neill
*   Volcom
*   RVCA
*   Quiksilver
*   Fox

*   Nike
*   DC
*   Rip Curl
*   Features
*   Online Exclusives
*   Signature Styles
*   Hybrid Shorts
*   Hurley Phantom
*   O'Neill Superfreak

Promotion Men's

*   **Shop All**
*   Extended Sizes
*   Colored Denim
*   Shop by Fit
*   Skinniest
*   Skinny
*   Slim
*   Straight
*   Boot

*   Shop by Brand
*   Bullhead
*   Levi's
*   Matix
*   RVCA
*   Volcom

Women's

*   **Shop All**
*   Extended Sizes
*   Colored &. Printed Denim
*   Destructed Denim
*   Shop by Fit
*   Skinniest
*   Skinny
*   Slim Boot
*   Boot

*   Shop by Brand
*   Bullhead Black
*   Cheap Monday
*   Fox
*   Insight
*   Roxy
*   Vigoss

Don't miss Men's Women's Men's

*   Sale
*   **Shop All**
*   Apparel
*   Accessories
*   Clearance
*   **Shop All**
*   Apparel
*   Accessories

*   New Offers
*   Tees
*   Fleece &. Outerwear
*   Volcom Thermals
*   Bullhead Denim &. Pants
*   Levi's Denim
*   Hats
*   Socks

Women's

*   Sale
*   **Shop All**
*   Apparel
*   Accessories
*   Clearance
*   **Shop All**
*   Apparel
*   Accessories

*   New Offers
*   Tees, Tanks &. Knits
*   Branded Fleece
*   Outerwear, Dresses &. Skirts
*   Bullhead Black Denim
*   Bullhead Black Fashion Denim
*   Denim, Skirts &. Shorts
*   Sweaters

Don't miss Brands

*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Women's >.
*   Men's >.
*   Men's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >.
*   Men's >.
*   Women's >.
*   More >

Men's

*   Jackets +  
    Performance Fleece
*   Pants
*   Goggles,  
    Gloves + Beanies

Women's

*   Jackets +  
    Performance Fleece
*   Pants
*   Goggles,  
    Gloves + Beanies

Company Info

*   About PacSun
*   Careers
*   Investor Relations
*   Social Responsibility
*   Privacy Policy
*   Terms and Conditions
*   PacSun Credit Card

Privacy Policy Privacy Policy POLICY

We value our relationship with you and your privacy is very important to us. Trust that we protect your personal information and that our servers are secure. A heads-up below on information that we may ask for, how and why we collect it, your options and what we do to safeguarded all. By using our website, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information in accordance with this policy.

In this policy, the phrases "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" mean any information by which you can be identified or contacted, such as your name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number.

CONTENT TO USE

When you provide personal information to PacSun, you are consenting to the manner in which PacSun will collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage your personal information, as set forth below. Rest assured that PacSun will exercise the utmost care and caution in handling your personal information and in disseminating it only pursuant to the terms of this privacy policy.

We use your personal information that we collect to conduct our business and to provide you with the best possible products and services. To best serve you, we may share your personally identifiable information with service providers that provide support services to us or that help us market our products and services. Service providers, third parties who perform services on our behalf, are contractually restricted from using your information in any manner other than in helping us to provide you with the products and services available from PacSun. We may also, in certain instances, disclose your personally identifiable information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify you, contact you, or bring legal action to protect your safety or rights or the safety or rights of PacSun or others. We may also disclose your personally identifiable information when you ask us to do so or when we believe it is required by law. If PacSun is sold to or merges with another company, or declares bankruptcy, some or all of the information collected from you may be transferred to a third party as a result of the transfer of assets. We will not share your personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes, without your consent.

MAKING PURCHASES

When you place an order with PacSun, we ask you to provide Payment Method, Credit Card Account Number and Expiration Date (if applicable), Name (as it appears on credit card), "Bill To" Address (as it appears on your credit card statement), "Ship To" Address (if different from billing address), Daytime Phone Number, Email Address.

This information is necessary to process your order, and we assure you that your personal information is transmitted over secure servers. By making a purchase on our website, you consent to our providing your information to third parties necessary to process the transaction, such as credit card processors and banks. We further guarantee you will only pay for authorized items that you have ordered

You will have the option of saving your personal information in our secure system for future purchases. The information is stored in the form of a "cookie" in your computer. Even though you need cookies to be enabled to make an online purchase, it is not necessary to save information via cookies if you choose not to.

PacSun collaborates with government agencies and security organizations to prevent fraud and fraudulent use of your personal information. During fraud prevention investigations, we may share information with the agencies that assist us, as permitted and required by US law. This information will never be used for marketing purposes. Usage is strictly assigned to assist and prevent fraud investigations.

If you're still not comfortable shopping online and want to phone in your order, by all means do so.

FAIR CREDIT BILLING ACT

The Fair Credit Billing Act was passed by Congress in 1975. This Act prohibits your bank or credit card processor from holding you liable for more than $50 on fraudulent charges made to your credit card. If you are held liable for this charge, PacSun.com will reimburse you the $50.

ONLINE REGISTRATION

Register once, save time every time. By registering with PacSun.com, your checkout is fast and easy, you have quick access to your order history, your address book with shipping addresses is saved, and you can access to your wish list to share with friends, and special offers via email. The personal information collected at registration includes your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, birth date, and a password that you select. Now, you don't have to register to shop online, but it's a good idea.

EMAIL &. CATALOG SUBSCRIPTIONS

Email sign-up is available during check-out and on every page of our website. If you sign up for our emails, you'll be the first to hear about up-coming sales, online exclusive discounts, contests and more. You can sign up to receive our PacSun email newsletter, outlet emails and our seasonal catalog. You'll always be able to unsubscribe from of these subscriptions, and we have a Contact Preference Center where you can manage these subscriptions so you only get what you're interested in. And no, we'll never sell or share your info with another company other than as provided herein or if you give us permission.

ONLINE CONTEST &. SWEEPSTAKES

We're always throwing down new, fun online contests and sweepstakes at PacSun. Enter, you could win!

Most sweepstakes and contests are open to U.S. residents 13 years and older. If you are under the age of majority in your state: make sure you get your parent's permission before entering any personal info.

To enter a given sweepstakes or contest, you may need to submit your name, address, state, zip code, phone number, gender, date of birth &. email address. If you are one of our winners, we'll use this information to contact you. Contest sponsors may utilize your info based on which opt-in(s) you have selected on the sweepstakes or contest entry pages.

In addition, we may request information regarding customer preferences, such as your favorite brands or types of music. You don't have to answer these questions, but if you do, we get a better feel for fashion and lifestyle.

COOKIES

The data file on your computer's hard drive when you visit a site. A "session cookie" expires immediately when you end your session (i.e., close your browser). A "persistent cookie" stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same website at a later date, the cookie information is still available. We use the information collected by cookies to determine which parts of our website are visited most often, and to determine where on our site you may be experiencing technical difficulties.

Our goal is to improve the quality of our website, tailor our products and services to suit your personal interests, track and/or analyze visiting patterns, and resolve difficulties you may encounter while on our site.

IP ADDRESSES

In general, you can visit our website without telling us who you are or providing us with any information. However we collect the IP (Internet Protocol) addresses of all visitors to our website. We only use IP addresses to resolve system problems, assist you in navigating our site via Live Person and deter unauthorized or abusive access to our site.

CHILDREN

Our website is not intended for children. PacSun will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent.

If you are a parent and you think we have inadvertently collected personal information from your child who is under 13, you may email us at info@pacificsunwear.com or contact Customer Service at 1-877-372-2786 to request that we delete his or her information from our files.

SECURITY

Protecting your information is important to us. We use industry standard technology to protect the security of your information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we are committed to protecting your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us.

POLICY CHANGES

This policy replaces all previous disclosures we may have provided you about our information practices. We reserve the right to change this policy, and to apply any changes to information previously collected, as permitted by law. If there are material changes to this policy or our information practices change in the future, we will notify you by posting the policy changes on our website. Your continued use of our website following any changes to this policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

PacSun may link to unaffiliated third party websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to unaffiliated third party websites. We are not responsible for their information collection practices or the content of their websites. The examples contained in this Privacy Policy are illustrations only, and are not intended to be exhaustive. If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please email us at info@pacificsunwear.com or contact Customer Service at 1-877-372-2786.

Effective Date: This policy was last updated on 10/09/2012.

Sign up for emails for  
a chance to win $100 Details

Sign Up PACSUN STORE INFO

Find a Pacsun near you

Find Store Company Info

*   About PacSun
*   Careers
*   Investor Relations
*   Social Responsibility
*   Privacy Policy
*   Terms and Conditions
*   PacSun Credit Card

Just for You

*   Customer Service
*   Contact Us
*   My Account
*   Wish List
*   Affiliates
*   International Shipping
*   Gift Card
*   Site Map

Social

*   Mobile
*   Google+
*   Facebook
*   YouTube
*   Flickr
*   Twitter
*   Pinterest
*   Tubmlr
*   Instagram

©2012 Pacific Sunwear of California Inc. All rights reserved.

Commit message:

Update Shop Privacy Policy
This version was recorded after filtering snapshot 276b7cbb32712a88f3b90dfbfa9c10f26befd9e1
Snapshot originally obtained on 2012-11-16

Shop/Privacy Policy.md, after:

Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.

Your browser currently is not set to accept Cookies. Please turn it on or check if you have another program set to block cookies.

Shop by Brand

*   Men's Brands
*   Altamont
*   Ambiguous
*   Billabong
*   Brixton
*   Bullhead
*   Crooks &. Castles
*   DC Shoes
*   Diamond Supply Co.
*   Ezekiel
*   Fox
*   Hurley
*   Insight
*   Matix
*   Modern Amusement
*   Nike
*   O'Neill
*   On The Byas
*   Quiksilver
*   Riot Society
*   RVCA
*   Vans
*   Volcom
*   Young &. Reckless
*   More >>
*   Women's Brands
*   Billabong
*   Black Poppy
*   Bullhead Black
*   Cheap Monday
*   Civil
*   Doe
*   Fox
*   Hurley
*   Insight
*   Kirra
*   LA Hearts
*   Lira
*   Metal Mulisha
*   Nollie
*   O'Neill
*   Qupid
*   Rip Curl
*   Roxy
*   RVCA
*   Steve Madden
*   Vigoss
*   Volcom
*   With Love from California
*   Young &. Reckless
*   More >>

Go My Bag0 LOG IN WITH: My Account

*   Login / Register
*   Wish List
*   Order Status

Pacsun

*   Mens
*   Womens
*   Gifts
*   Denim
*   Snow
*   Sale
*   Brands
*   Blog

The Latest

*   New Arrivals
*   PacSun Gift Cards
*   Great Deals
*   Essentials
*   Trade Collective
*   Ashley's Picks
*   Winter Sneak Peek Lookbook

Women's Apparel

*   Jeans
*   Tees
*   Tanks &. Camis
*   Tops
*   Longsleeve Tees
*   Shirts &. Flannels
*   Hoodies &. Fleece
*   Sweaters
*   Jackets
*   Dresses &. Rompers
*   Pants
*   Shorts
*   Skirts
*   Swimwear

Women's Accessories

*   Shoes
*   Handbags
*   Backpacks
*   Jewelry &. Hair
*   Belts &. Hats
*   Sunglasses
*   Fragrance
*   Legwear &. Misc.

Don't miss The Latest

*   New Arrivals
*   PacSun Gift Cards
*   Great Deals
*   Denim Fit Guide
*   Colored Twill &. Chinos

Men's Apparel

*   Jeans
*   Tees
*   V-Necks, Crews, &. Polos
*   Tanks
*   Shirts &. Flannels
*   Longsleeve Knits
*   Hoodies &. Fleece
*   Sweaters
*   Jackets
*   Pants
*   Shorts
*   Boardshorts

Men's Accessories

*   Shoes
*   Hats
*   Backpacks
*   Sunglasses
*   Headphones &. Misc
*   Watches
*   Belts
*   Wallets
*   Cologne

Don't miss Ship to Store

*   **When will my Ship to Store order arrive?**  
    Your order will be waiting for you 3-4 business days after it ships.
*   **How much does shipping cost?**  
    Shipping is free unless you’re having your order shipped to Alaska or Hawaii, in which case it will be $7.00. Ship to Store is not available in our Puerto Rico stores yet.
*   **Who can pick up the order?**  
    You must bring a photo ID to pick up your package. If someone else goes to pick it up for you, they need to bring your email confirmation, either printed out or on their smart phone or similar device.
*   **How will I know when it’s ready for pickup?**  
    Please click on the tracking link on the shipment notification email that we send you. This will take you to the FedEx site where you can track your package.
*   **How soon do I have to pick it up from the store?**  
    If you do not pick up your order from the store within 10 business days from when it arrives, you will be refunded and the product will be added to the store’s inventory for sale to the public.
*   **Can I open the order to make sure I like it?**  
    Yes! We strongly encourage you to check out your items and even try them on in the store to make sure you like the look and fit.
*   **What if I don’t like an item?**  
    You can return items in the store or simply follow the return instructions on the back of your packing slip.

Women's

*   **Shop All**
*   Shop by Style
*   Bandeau
*   Triangle
*   Halter
*   Underwire
*   Tie-Side
*   Brief
*   One-Piece

*   Shop by Brand
*   Billabong
*   Black Poppy
*   Fox
*   Hurley
*   Kirra
*   La Hearts
*   Roxy
*   Volcom

Men's

*   **Shop All**
*   Shop by Brand
*   Hurley
*   Billabong
*   O'Neill
*   Volcom
*   RVCA
*   Quiksilver
*   Fox

*   Nike
*   DC
*   Rip Curl
*   Features
*   Online Exclusives
*   Signature Styles
*   Hybrid Shorts
*   Hurley Phantom
*   O'Neill Superfreak

Promotion Men's

*   **Shop All**
*   Extended Sizes
*   Colored Denim
*   Shop by Fit
*   Skinniest
*   Skinny
*   Slim
*   Straight
*   Boot

*   Shop by Brand
*   Bullhead
*   Levi's
*   Matix
*   RVCA
*   Volcom

Women's

*   **Shop All**
*   Extended Sizes
*   Colored &. Printed Denim
*   Destructed Denim
*   Shop by Fit
*   Skinniest
*   Skinny
*   Slim Boot
*   Boot

*   Shop by Brand
*   Bullhead Black
*   Cheap Monday
*   Fox
*   Insight
*   Roxy
*   Vigoss

Don't miss Men's Women's Men's

*   Sale
*   **Shop All**
*   Apparel
*   Accessories
*   Clearance
*   **Shop All**
*   Apparel
*   Accessories

*   New Offers
*   Tees
*   Fleece &. Outerwear
*   Volcom Thermals
*   Bullhead Denim &. Pants
*   Levi's Denim
*   Hats
*   Socks

Women's

*   Sale
*   **Shop All**
*   Apparel
*   Accessories
*   Clearance
*   **Shop All**
*   Apparel
*   Accessories

*   New Offers
*   Tees, Tanks &. Knits
*   Branded Fleece
*   Outerwear, Dresses &. Skirts
*   Bullhead Black Denim
*   Bullhead Black Fashion Denim
*   Denim, Skirts &. Shorts
*   Sweaters

Don't miss Brands

*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Women's >.
*   Men's >.
*   Men's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >. Women's >.
*   Men's >.
*   Men's >.
*   Women's >.
*   More >

Men's

*   Jackets +  
    Performance Fleece
*   Pants
*   Goggles,  
    Gloves + Beanies

Women's

*   Jackets +  
    Performance Fleece
*   Pants
*   Goggles,  
    Gloves + Beanies

Company Info

*   About PacSun
*   Careers
*   Investor Relations
*   Social Responsibility
*   Privacy Policy
*   Terms and Conditions
*   PacSun Credit Card

Privacy Policy Privacy Policy POLICY

We value our relationship with you and your privacy is very important to us. Trust that we protect your personal information and that our servers are secure. A heads-up below on information that we may ask for, how and why we collect it, your options and what we do to safeguarded all. By using our website, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information in accordance with this policy.

In this policy, the phrases "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" mean any information by which you can be identified or contacted, such as your name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number.

CONTENT TO USE

When you provide personal information to PacSun, you are consenting to the manner in which PacSun will collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage your personal information, as set forth below. Rest assured that PacSun will exercise the utmost care and caution in handling your personal information and in disseminating it only pursuant to the terms of this privacy policy.

We use your personal information that we collect to conduct our business and to provide you with the best possible products and services. To best serve you, we may share your personally identifiable information with service providers that provide support services to us or that help us market our products and services. Service providers, third parties who perform services on our behalf, are contractually restricted from using your information in any manner other than in helping us to provide you with the products and services available from PacSun. We may also, in certain instances, disclose your personally identifiable information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify you, contact you, or bring legal action to protect your safety or rights or the safety or rights of PacSun or others. We may also disclose your personally identifiable information when you ask us to do so or when we believe it is required by law. If PacSun is sold to or merges with another company, or declares bankruptcy, some or all of the information collected from you may be transferred to a third party as a result of the transfer of assets. We will not share your personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes, without your consent.

MAKING PURCHASES

When you place an order with PacSun, we ask you to provide Payment Method, Credit Card Account Number and Expiration Date (if applicable), Name (as it appears on credit card), "Bill To" Address (as it appears on your credit card statement), "Ship To" Address (if different from billing address), Daytime Phone Number, Email Address.

This information is necessary to process your order, and we assure you that your personal information is transmitted over secure servers. By making a purchase on our website, you consent to our providing your information to third parties necessary to process the transaction, such as credit card processors and banks. We further guarantee you will only pay for authorized items that you have ordered

You will have the option of saving your personal information in our secure system for future purchases. The information is stored in the form of a "cookie" in your computer. Even though you need cookies to be enabled to make an online purchase, it is not necessary to save information via cookies if you choose not to.

PacSun collaborates with government agencies and security organizations to prevent fraud and fraudulent use of your personal information. During fraud prevention investigations, we may share information with the agencies that assist us, as permitted and required by US law. This information will never be used for marketing purposes. Usage is strictly assigned to assist and prevent fraud investigations.

If you're still not comfortable shopping online and want to phone in your order, by all means do so.

FAIR CREDIT BILLING ACT

The Fair Credit Billing Act was passed by Congress in 1975. This Act prohibits your bank or credit card processor from holding you liable for more than $50 on fraudulent charges made to your credit card. If you are held liable for this charge, PacSun.com will reimburse you the $50.

ONLINE REGISTRATION

Register once, save time every time. By registering with PacSun.com, your checkout is fast and easy, you have quick access to your order history, your address book with shipping addresses is saved, and you can access to your wish list to share with friends, and special offers via email. The personal information collected at registration includes your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, birth date, and a password that you select. Now, you don't have to register to shop online, but it's a good idea.

EMAIL &. CATALOG SUBSCRIPTIONS

Email sign-up is available during check-out and on every page of our website. If you sign up for our emails, you'll be the first to hear about up-coming sales, online exclusive discounts, contests and more. You can sign up to receive our PacSun email newsletter, outlet emails and our seasonal catalog. You'll always be able to unsubscribe from of these subscriptions, and we have a Contact Preference Center where you can manage these subscriptions so you only get what you're interested in. And no, we'll never sell or share your info with another company other than as provided herein or if you give us permission.

ONLINE CONTEST &. SWEEPSTAKES

We're always throwing down new, fun online contests and sweepstakes at PacSun. Enter, you could win!

Most sweepstakes and contests are open to U.S. residents 13 years and older. If you are under the age of majority in your state: make sure you get your parent's permission before entering any personal info.

To enter a given sweepstakes or contest, you may need to submit your name, address, state, zip code, phone number, gender, date of birth &. email address. If you are one of our winners, we'll use this information to contact you. Contest sponsors may utilize your info based on which opt-in(s) you have selected on the sweepstakes or contest entry pages.

In addition, we may request information regarding customer preferences, such as your favorite brands or types of music. You don't have to answer these questions, but if you do, we get a better feel for fashion and lifestyle.

COOKIES

The data file on your computer's hard drive when you visit a site. A "session cookie" expires immediately when you end your session (i.e., close your browser). A "persistent cookie" stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same website at a later date, the cookie information is still available. We use the information collected by cookies to determine which parts of our website are visited most often, and to determine where on our site you may be experiencing technical difficulties.

Our goal is to improve the quality of our website, tailor our products and services to suit your personal interests, track and/or analyze visiting patterns, and resolve difficulties you may encounter while on our site.

IP ADDRESSES

In general, you can visit our website without telling us who you are or providing us with any information. However we collect the IP (Internet Protocol) addresses of all visitors to our website. We only use IP addresses to resolve system problems, assist you in navigating our site via Live Person and deter unauthorized or abusive access to our site.

CHILDREN

Our website is not intended for children. PacSun will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent.

If you are a parent and you think we have inadvertently collected personal information from your child who is under 13, you may email us at info@pacificsunwear.com or contact Customer Service at 1-877-372-2786 to request that we delete his or her information from our files.

SECURITY

Protecting your information is important to us. We use industry standard technology to protect the security of your information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we are committed to protecting your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us.

POLICY CHANGES

This policy replaces all previous disclosures we may have provided you about our information practices. We reserve the right to change this policy, and to apply any changes to information previously collected, as permitted by law. If there are material changes to this policy or our information practices change in the future, we will notify you by posting the policy changes on our website. Your continued use of our website following any changes to this policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

PacSun may link to unaffiliated third party websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to unaffiliated third party websites. We are not responsible for their information collection practices or the content of their websites. The examples contained in this Privacy Policy are illustrations only, and are not intended to be exhaustive. If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please email us at info@pacificsunwear.com or contact Customer Service at 1-877-372-2786.

Effective Date: This policy was last updated on 10/09/2012.

Sign up for PacSun emails &  
Get 15% Off your next order! Details

Sign Up PACSUN STORE INFO Email Sign Up Sign up for PacSun Emails and get 15% off your next order! **Don't Wait!  
You'll be the first  
to hear about:**

*   Exclusive Offers
*   Contests
*   Online &. in store promotions
*   New arrivals
*   Flash sales &. more!

Email Address: Re-enter Email Address:

Check your inbox for a welcome email from us to get your **15% off code.**

Continue

PacSun will never sell or exchange your name or personal information to third parties. ever. see our privacy policy.

Find a Pacsun near you

Find Store Company Info

*   About PacSun
*   Careers
*   Investor Relations
*   Social Responsibility
*   Privacy Policy
*   Terms and Conditions
*   PacSun Credit Card

Just for You

*   Customer Service
*   Contact Us
*   My Account
*   Wish List
*   Affiliates
*   International Shipping
*   Gift Card
*   Site Map

Social

*   Mobile
*   Google+
*   Facebook
*   YouTube
*   Flickr
*   Twitter
*   Pinterest
*   Tubmlr
*   Instagram

©2012 Pacific Sunwear of California Inc. All rights reserved.
