Mylife/Privacy Policy.md, before:

Show Filters ↓ Back  
to top MyLife.com

*   Home
*   Login
*   Join Now

Log in to MyLife

Not a member yet? Join now.

Log In with Facebook OR Log In Forgot your password?

Find Anyone:

*   Find Anyone:
*   A|
*   B|
*   C|
*   D|
*   E|
*   F|
*   G|
*   H|
*   I|
*   J|
*   K|
*   L|
*   M|
*   N|
*   O|
*   P|
*   Q|
*   R|
*   S|
*   T|
*   U|
*   V|
*   W|
*   X|
*   Y|
*   Z

*   Company
*   About Us
*   Testimonials
*   Press
*   Careers
*   Contact Us
*   Blog
*   FAQs

*   Services
*   Monitor Your Identity
*   Who Has My Info
*   Background Check
*   See Who's Searching for You
*   Connect with Friends &. Find People
*   Manage Your Membership

*   Directories
*   People Search

We Value Your Privacy

When you sign up at MyLife, we ask you to tell us a bit about yourself to enhance your site experience. We will never share your data or post anything to your Facebook account. It's a promise

Copyright ©2018 MyLife.com®, Inc. | User Agreement | Privacy Policy

U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353

About Us | People Search | Contact Us

*   Stay Connected

User Agreement | Privacy Policy Copyright ©2018 MyLife.com, Inc.

\* The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.

<img height="1" width="1" style="display:none" src="https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=1638917393081241&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1">. <img src="//pixel.quantserve.com/pixel/p-Je7HEss8EuAcv.gif?labels=\_fp.event.Default" style="display: none;" border="0" height="1" width="1" alt="Quantcast"/>.

Commit message:

Update Mylife Privacy Policy
This version was recorded after filtering snapshot 26d420f31b8ec357f34a3fa1d0f4202a248c416f
Snapshot originally obtained on 2018-07-04

Mylife/Privacy Policy.md, after:

Show Filters ↓ Back  
to top MyLife.com

*   Home
*   Login
*   Join Now

Log in to MyLife

Not a member yet? Join now.

Log In with Facebook OR Log In Forgot your password?

Find Anyone:

*   Find Anyone:
*   A|
*   B|
*   C|
*   D|
*   E|
*   F|
*   G|
*   H|
*   I|
*   J|
*   K|
*   L|
*   M|
*   N|
*   O|
*   P|
*   Q|
*   R|
*   S|
*   T|
*   U|
*   V|
*   W|
*   X|
*   Y|
*   Z

*   Company
*   About Us
*   Testimonials
*   Press
*   Careers
*   Contact Us
*   Blog
*   FAQs

*   Services
*   Monitor Your Identity
*   Who Has My Info
*   Background Check
*   See Who's Searching for You
*   Connect with Friends &. Find People
*   Manage Your Membership

*   Directories
*   People Search

We Value Your Privacy

MyLife aggregates publicly available information from government, social, and other sources, plus personal reviews written by others. This third-party data is then indexed through methods similar to those used by Google or Bing to create a listing. Because MyLife only collects this data and does not create it, we cannot fully guarantee its accuracy

Copyright ©2018 MyLife.com®, Inc. | User Agreement | Privacy Policy

U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353

About Us | People Search | Contact Us

*   Stay Connected

User Agreement | Privacy Policy Copyright ©2018 MyLife.com, Inc.

\* The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.

<img src="//pixel.quantserve.com/pixel/p-Je7HEss8EuAcv.gif?labels=\_fp.event.Default" style="display: none;" border="0" height="1" width="1" alt="Quantcast"/>. <img height="1" width="1" style="display:none" src="https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=1638917393081241&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1">
