Biblegateway/Privacy Policy.md, before:

Bible Gateway En Español A A A A A Follow us Search Enter the Bible passage **(e.g., John 3:16)**, keyword **(e.g., Jesus, prophet, etc.)** or topic **(e.g., salvation)** ---Amuzgo de Guerrero (AMU)---Amuzgo de Guerrero ---العربية (AR)---Arabic Bible: Easy-to-Read VersionArabic Life Application Bible ---Awadhi (AWA)---Awadhi Bible: Easy-to-Read Version ---Български (BG)---1940 Bulgarian BibleBulgarian BibleBulgarian New Testament: Easy-to-Read VersionBulgarian Protestant Bible ---Chinanteco de Comaltepec (CCO)---Chinanteco de Comaltepec ---ᏣᎳᎩ ᎦᏬᏂᎯᏍ (CHR)---Cherokee New Testament ---Cakchiquel Occidental (CKW)---Cakchiquel Occidental ---Čeština (CS)---Bible 21Slovo na cestu ---Dansk (DA)---Bibelen på hverdagsdanskDette er Biblen på dansk ---Deutsch (DE)---Hoffnung für AlleLuther Bibel 1545Neue Genfer ÜbersetzungSchlachter 1951Schlachter 2000 ---English (EN)---21st Century King James VersionAmerican Standard VersionAmplified BibleCommon English BibleComplete Jewish BibleContemporary English VersionDarby TranslationDouay-Rheims 1899 American EditionEasy-to-Read VersionEnglish Standard VersionEnglish Standard Version AnglicisedGOD’S WORD TranslationGood News TranslationHolman Christian Standard BibleJ.B. Phillips New TestamentKing James VersionKnox BibleLexham English BibleThe MessageMounce Reverse-Interlinear New TestamentNew American Standard BibleNew Century VersionNew International Reader's VersionNew International VersionNew International Version 1984New International Version - UKNew King James VersionNew Life VersionNew Living TranslationOrthodox Jewish BibleToday's New International VersionWorldwide English (New Testament)Wycliffe BibleYoung's Literal Translation ---Español (ES)---La Biblia de las AméricasDios Habla HoyNueva Biblia Latinoamericana de HoyNueva Traducción VivienteNueva Versión InternacionalNueva Versión Internacional (Castilian)Palabra de Dios para TodosLa Palabra (España)La Palabra (Hispanoamérica)Reina Valera ContemporáneaReina-Valera 1960Reina-Valera 1995Reina-Valera AntiguaTraducción en lenguaje actual ---Français (FR)---La Bible du SemeurLouis SegondNouvelle Edition de Genève – NEG1979Segond 21 ---Κοινη (GRC)---1550 Stephanus New Testament1881 Westcott-Hort New Testament1894 Scrivener New TestamentSBL Greek New Testament ---עיברית (HE)---Habrit Hakhadasha/HaderekhThe Westminster Leningrad Codex ---हिन्दी (HI)---Hindi Bible: Easy-to-Read Version ---Hrvatski (HR)---Croatian Bible ---Kreyòl ayisyen (HT)---Haitian Creole Version ---Magyar (HU)---Hungarian KároliHungarian Bible: Easy-to-Read VersionHungarian New Translation ---Hawai‘i Pidgin (HWC)---Hawai‘i Pidgin ---Íslenska (IS)---Icelandic Bible ---Italiano (IT)---Conferenza Episcopale ItalianaLa Nuova DiodatiLa Parola è VitaNuova Riveduta 1994Nuova Riveduta 2006 ---Jacalteco, Oriental (JAC)---Jacalteco, Oriental ---Kekchi (KEK)---Kekchi ---Latina (LA)---Biblia Sacra Vulgata ---Māori (MI)---Maori Bible ---Македонски (MK)---Macedonian New Testament ---मराठी (MR)---Marathi Bible: Easy-to-Read Version ---Mam, Central (MVC)---Mam, Central ---Mam, Todos Santos (MVJ)---Mam de Todos Santos Chuchumatán ---Plautdietsch (NDS)---Reimer 2001 ---नेपाली (NE)---Nepali Bible: Easy-to-Read Version ---Náhuatl de Guerrero (NGU)---Náhuatl de Guerrero ---Nederlands (NL)---Het Boek ---Norsk (NO)---Det Norsk Bibelselskap 1930En Levende Bok ---ଓଡ଼ିଆ (OR)---Oriya Bible: Easy-to-Read Version ---ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (PA)---Punjabi Bible: Easy-to-Read Version ---Polski (PL)---Nowe PrzymierzeSłowo Życia ---Português (PT)---João Ferreira de Almeida AtualizadaNova Versão InternacionalO LivroPortuguese New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version ---Quiché, Centro Occidenta (QUT)---Quiché, Centro Occidental ---Română (RO)---CornilescuNouă Traducere În Limba RomânăRomanian ---Русский (RU)---Russian New Testament: Easy-to-Read VersionRussian Synodal VersionSlovo Zhizny ---Slovenčina (SK)---Nádej pre kazdého ---Somali (SO)---Somali Bible ---Shqip (SQ)---Albanian Bible ---Српски (SR)---Serbian New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version ---Svenska (SV)---Levande BibelnSvenska 1917Svenska Folkbibeln ---Kiswahili (SW)---Swahili New Testament ---தமிழ் (TA)---Tamil Bible: Easy-to-Read Version ---ภาษาไทย (TH)---Thai New Contemporary BibleThai New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version ---Tagalog (TL)---Ang Salita ng Diyos ---Twi (TWI)---Nkwa Asem ---Українська (UK)---Ukrainian BibleUkrainian New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version ---اردو (UR)---Urdu Bible: Easy-to-Read Version ---Uspanteco (USP)---Uspanteco ---Tiêng Viêt (VI)---1934 Vietnamese BibleBản Dịch 2011Vietnamese Bible: Easy-to-Read Version ---汉语 (ZH)---Chinese Contemporary BibleChinese New Testament: Easy-to-Read VersionChinese Standard Bible (Simplified)Chinese Standard Bible (Traditional)Chinese Union Version (Simplified)Chinese Union Version (Traditional)Chinese Union Version Modern Punctuation (Simplified)Chinese Union Version Modern Punctuation (Traditional)

*   Bible Book List

Welcome to BibleGateway.com

PRIVACY POLICY

Effective as of December 2008

BibleGateway.com (the "Web Site") is owned and operated by The Zondervan Corporation L.L.C. ("Zondervan"), a part of the News America Group, which has adopted a set of Privacy Principles applicable to all its U.S.-based companies. Zondervan has implemented those Principles in this Privacy Policy, which describes how we collect, use and share personally identifiable information ("PII") we obtain from and about individuals located in the U.S. both online and off-line. All references herein to "BibleGateway" are intended to refer to Zondervan as a whole.

From time to time BibleGateway may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law, our PII collection and use practices, the features of our web sites, or technology. If we make revisions that change the way we collect or use your PII, those changes will be posted in this Privacy Policy and the effective date will be noted at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. Therefore, you should review it periodically so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices. If BibleGateway materially changes its practices regarding the collection or use of your PII, your PII will continue to be governed by the Policy under which it was collected unless you have been provided notice of and have not objected to the change.

COLLECTION: COLLECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ("PII") BY BIBLEGATEWAY

General. BibleGateway collects personally identifiable information ("PII" -- that is, information such as your full name, e-mail address, mailing address or telephone number) in order to create or enhance our relationship with you. When we collect PII from you it is because you are voluntarily submitting the information to us in order to participate in activities like surveys, forums, subscription registrations, in connection with content or suggestions you submit to us, chats or bulletin boards, or because you want us to furnish you with products, services or information. We may also obtain PII from reputable third parties.

Cookies. Cookies are small bits of information that the Web Site places on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies remember information about your activities on the site and enable the operator of the site to make your visits to our Web sites more enjoyable.

BibleGateway will employ cookies to identify you as a unique visitor. We also may use cookies in a variety of ways, such as allowing for easier logon and relating your use of our web sites to non-personally identifiable information you have provided to us, so that we can track trends, limit the online ads we display to you to those we believe are consistent with your interests and otherwise improve your experience on the Web Site.

We may also use cookies or similar tools to relate your use of our web sites to PII obtained from you or a reputable third party. For example, if you ask us to send you information about our upcoming products or promotions, cookie and/or click stream data about your activities on the Web Site may allow us to limit the material we send you to the types of items we believe you will find interesting, based upon your activities on our sites and your preferences. However, if we wish to coordinate your personal and web site activity information in this manner, we will obtain your express affirmative consent. Also, our cookies will not contain PII.

You can program your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely. You can also disable our cookies by clicking the "Logout" link on our web sites.

NOTICE: BIBLEGATEWAY WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH NOTICE ABOUT ITS PII COLLECTION PRACTICES

When you voluntarily provide PII to BibleGateway, we will make sure you are informed about who is collecting the information, how and why the information is being collected and the types of uses we will make of the information.

At the time you provide your PII, BibleGateway will notify you of your options regarding our use of your PII, including whether we will share it with outside companies (See "Choice" below). This Policy describes the types of other companies that may want to send you information about their products and services and therefore may want to share your personal information, provided you have given BibleGateway permission to do so (See "Use" below).

Sometimes we collect personally identifiable information from consumers in manual format or off-line, such as a post card or subscription form. Providing detailed notice in those situations often proves impractical, so consumers will instead be provided with a short notice that describes how to obtain the full text of this Policy and other relevant information from us.

The Web site may be linked to Internet sites operated by companies other than Zondervan. Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with a BibleGateway or Zondervan logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by Zondervan. The Web Site may also carry advertisements from other companies. BibleGateway is not responsible for the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties that are linked to the Web Site or for the privacy practices of third party or national Internet advertising companies. Once you've left a the Web Site via such a link or by clicking on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party or advertiser site to determine how they will handle any PII they collect from you.

The Web Site may also be linked to sites operated by companies affiliated with Zondervan (i.e., that are part of the News America Group). Although all News America Group entities adhere to the group's Privacy Principles, visitors to those affiliated sites should still refer to their separate privacy policies and practices, which may differ in some respects from this Policy.

CHOICE: BIBLEGATEWAY WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH CHOICES ABOUT THE USE OF YOUR PII

BibleGateway will not use the PII you provide to us for purposes different from the purpose for which it was submitted, or share your PII with third parties that are not affiliated with Zondervan (i.e., not part of the News America Group), unless we obtain your permission.

USE: BIBLEGATEWAY'S USE OF PII

BibleGateway will use your PII provided under this Policy in a manner that is consistent with this Policy. If BibleGateway obtains PII from a third party, such as a business partner, our use of that information is governed by this Policy.

BibleGateway may share your PII with companies that are affiliated with us, that is are part of the News America Group of companies. Provided you have given us permission, we may also share your PII with advertisers and business partners that are not affiliated with Zondervan but would like to send you information about their products and services. For example, BibleGateway may offer a newsletter with a co-sponsor that may have special offers or promotions that might be of interest to BibleGateway customers. However, you will always have the opportunity to instruct us not to share your information with third parties when PII is collected. Moreover, we will never share your credit card information with third parties except those BibleGateway uses to perform tasks (such as order fulfillment and payment processing) required to complete purchases you make through the Web Site.

BibleGateway's employees, agents and contractors must have a legitimate business reason to obtain access to your PII. BibleGateway may share your PII with outside contractors or agents who help us manage our information activities (i.e., sweepstakes administration, order fulfillment, statistical analyses), but they may only use your PII to provide BibleGateway with a specific service and not for any other purpose.

BibleGateway may also enter into agreements with outside companies that possess the technology that allows BibleGateway to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on the Web Site. Your non-PII and click stream data about your activities on the Web Site may be shared with these companies so this customization can be accomplished. These companies will not share your information with any third party or use it for any other purpose. Anonymous click stream and demographic information may also be shared with BibleGateway's advertisers and business partners.

There may be instances when BibleGateway may disclose PII without providing you with a choice in order to protect the legal rights of Zondervan, other companies within the News America Group or their employees, agents and contractors. to protect the safety and security of visitors to the Web Site. to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes. or to comply with the law or legal process. In addition, if Zondervan sells all or part of its business (such as the Web Site and its related activities) or makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, Zondervan may transfer your PII to a third party as part of that transaction.

SECURITY: BIBLEGATEWAY PROTECTS THE SECURITY OF PII

BibleGateway uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard PII in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. In addition, we use reasonable methods to make sure that PII is accurate, up-to-date and appropriately complete. Passwords and PII are stored by BibleGateway behind firewalls. Credit card information is encrypted both in transit and when stored within BibleGateway's online databases.

ACCESS: HOW TO ACCESS, CORRECT OR DELETE YOUR PII

BibleGateway has implemented a procedure for you to access, correct or delete your PII. If you would like to know the types of information that BibleGateway collects from visitors to the Web Site, please send your request to privacypolicy@biblegateway.com or write to Legal Department, HarperCollins Publishers, Attention: Privacy Policy, 10 East 53rd Street, New York, NY 10022.

If you would like to know whether BibleGateway has collected PII about you and what PII we have collected, please send us the activities that you participated in on our Web sites which requested PII. After reviewing the relevant databases, we will confirm whether we have collected such information about you and provide a list of your PII on file.

In the event your PII on file is incorrect, you may correct the PII by sending a written request for correction to privacypolicy@biblegateway.com that includes (1) all of the incorrect PII that you wish to change, (2) the corrected PII and (3) your signature authorizing such changes. BibleGateway will then correct the PII in our database and send a written confirmation to you.

If you wish to stop all future communications from BibleGateway, please contact privacypolicy@biblegateway.com, requesting that your PII be permanently removed from any BibleGateway database. We will send you a written confirmation of such removal.

However, there may be residual information that will remain within our databases that may or may not contain PII. This residual information will not be given to any third party or used for any commercial purpose.

REMEDIES AND COMPLIANCE: HOW TO CONTACT BIBLEGATEWAY ABOUT PRIVACY CONCERNS

If you have concerns regarding the collection and use of your PII or any other privacy issues, please contact:  
Legal Department  
HarperCollins Publishers  
Attention: Privacy Policy  
10 East 53rd Street  
New York, NY 10022  
privacypolicy@biblegateway.com

© Copyright \[2009\] The Zondervan Corporation L.L.C. All Rights Reserved.

^ Go to the top of the page

*   Home
*   Passage Lookup
*   Keyword Search
*   Topical Index
*   Available Versions
*   Audio Bibles
*   Additional Resources
*   Reading Plans
*   Devotionals
*   Newsletters
*   Bible Gateway App
*   Preferences
*   Bible Gateway Blog
*   Store

**Help and Contact**  
FAQs/Tutorials  
Contact us/Feedback  
Why We Advertise  
Use Bible Gateway On Your Site  
Advertise with Us  
Go to top of page

**Links**  
Mobile Bible Gateway  
Gospel.com  
Reverend Fun  
Zondervan.com  
Bible Gateway Store

**About and Legal**  
Statement of Faith  
About Bible Gateway  
Press Releases  
Site map  
Privacy policy  
Site: Terms of use  
Widget: Terms of use

**Sponsors**  
Christian Persecution  
Church Fundraising  
Book Self Publishing  
Gospel for Asia  
Medi-Share

The Knox Bible, translated from the Latin Vulgate, is now available on Bible Gateway. Close

Commit message:

Update Biblegateway/Privacy Policy.html
This version was recorded after filtering snapshot 5b01ca272abf832cc5692dee21c2082ea882e058
Snapshot originally obtained on 2012-10-25

Biblegateway/Privacy Policy.md, after:

Bible Gateway En Español A A A A A Follow us Search Enter the Bible passage **(e.g., John 3:16)**, keyword **(e.g., Jesus, prophet, etc.)** or topic **(e.g., salvation)** ---Amuzgo de Guerrero (AMU)---Amuzgo de Guerrero ---العربية (AR)---Arabic Bible: Easy-to-Read VersionArabic Life Application Bible ---Awadhi (AWA)---Awadhi Bible: Easy-to-Read Version ---Български (BG)---1940 Bulgarian BibleBulgarian BibleBulgarian New Testament: Easy-to-Read VersionBulgarian Protestant Bible ---Chinanteco de Comaltepec (CCO)---Chinanteco de Comaltepec ---ᏣᎳᎩ ᎦᏬᏂᎯᏍ (CHR)---Cherokee New Testament ---Cakchiquel Occidental (CKW)---Cakchiquel Occidental ---Čeština (CS)---Bible 21Slovo na cestu ---Dansk (DA)---Bibelen på hverdagsdanskDette er Biblen på dansk ---Deutsch (DE)---Hoffnung für AlleLuther Bibel 1545Neue Genfer ÜbersetzungSchlachter 1951Schlachter 2000 ---English (EN)---21st Century King James VersionAmerican Standard VersionAmplified BibleCommon English BibleComplete Jewish BibleContemporary English VersionDarby TranslationDouay-Rheims 1899 American EditionEasy-to-Read VersionEnglish Standard VersionEnglish Standard Version AnglicisedGOD’S WORD TranslationGood News TranslationHolman Christian Standard BibleJ.B. Phillips New TestamentKing James VersionKnox BibleLexham English BibleThe MessageMounce Reverse-Interlinear New TestamentNew American Standard BibleNew Century VersionNew International Reader's VersionNew International VersionNew International Version 1984New International Version - UKNew King James VersionNew Life VersionNew Living TranslationOrthodox Jewish BibleToday's New International VersionWorldwide English (New Testament)Wycliffe BibleYoung's Literal Translation ---Español (ES)---La Biblia de las AméricasDios Habla HoyNueva Biblia Latinoamericana de HoyNueva Traducción VivienteNueva Versión InternacionalNueva Versión Internacional (Castilian)Palabra de Dios para TodosLa Palabra (España)La Palabra (Hispanoamérica)Reina Valera ContemporáneaReina-Valera 1960Reina-Valera 1995Reina-Valera AntiguaTraducción en lenguaje actual ---Français (FR)---La Bible du SemeurLouis SegondNouvelle Edition de Genève – NEG1979Segond 21 ---Κοινη (GRC)---1550 Stephanus New Testament1881 Westcott-Hort New Testament1894 Scrivener New TestamentSBL Greek New Testament ---עיברית (HE)---Habrit Hakhadasha/HaderekhThe Westminster Leningrad Codex ---हिन्दी (HI)---Hindi Bible: Easy-to-Read Version ---Hrvatski (HR)---Croatian Bible ---Kreyòl ayisyen (HT)---Haitian Creole Version ---Magyar (HU)---Hungarian KároliHungarian Bible: Easy-to-Read VersionHungarian New Translation ---Hawai‘i Pidgin (HWC)---Hawai‘i Pidgin ---Íslenska (IS)---Icelandic Bible ---Italiano (IT)---Conferenza Episcopale ItalianaLa Nuova DiodatiLa Parola è VitaNuova Riveduta 1994Nuova Riveduta 2006 ---Jacalteco, Oriental (JAC)---Jacalteco, Oriental ---Kekchi (KEK)---Kekchi ---Latina (LA)---Biblia Sacra Vulgata ---Māori (MI)---Maori Bible ---Македонски (MK)---Macedonian New Testament ---मराठी (MR)---Marathi Bible: Easy-to-Read Version ---Mam, Central (MVC)---Mam, Central ---Mam, Todos Santos (MVJ)---Mam de Todos Santos Chuchumatán ---Plautdietsch (NDS)---Reimer 2001 ---नेपाली (NE)---Nepali Bible: Easy-to-Read Version ---Náhuatl de Guerrero (NGU)---Náhuatl de Guerrero ---Nederlands (NL)---Het Boek ---Norsk (NO)---Det Norsk Bibelselskap 1930En Levende Bok ---ଓଡ଼ିଆ (OR)---Oriya Bible: Easy-to-Read Version ---ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (PA)---Punjabi Bible: Easy-to-Read Version ---Polski (PL)---Nowe PrzymierzeSłowo Życia ---Português (PT)---João Ferreira de Almeida AtualizadaNova Versão InternacionalO LivroPortuguese New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version ---Quiché, Centro Occidenta (QUT)---Quiché, Centro Occidental ---Română (RO)---CornilescuNouă Traducere În Limba RomânăRomanian ---Русский (RU)---Russian New Testament: Easy-to-Read VersionRussian Synodal VersionSlovo Zhizny ---Slovenčina (SK)---Nádej pre kazdého ---Somali (SO)---Somali Bible ---Shqip (SQ)---Albanian Bible ---Српски (SR)---Serbian New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version ---Svenska (SV)---Levande BibelnSvenska 1917Svenska Folkbibeln ---Kiswahili (SW)---Swahili New Testament ---தமிழ் (TA)---Tamil Bible: Easy-to-Read Version ---ภาษาไทย (TH)---Thai New Contemporary BibleThai New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version ---Tagalog (TL)---Ang Salita ng Diyos ---Twi (TWI)---Nkwa Asem ---Українська (UK)---Ukrainian BibleUkrainian New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version ---اردو (UR)---Urdu Bible: Easy-to-Read Version ---Uspanteco (USP)---Uspanteco ---Tiêng Viêt (VI)---1934 Vietnamese BibleBản Dịch 2011Vietnamese Bible: Easy-to-Read Version ---汉语 (ZH)---Chinese Contemporary BibleChinese New Testament: Easy-to-Read VersionChinese Standard Bible (Simplified)Chinese Standard Bible (Traditional)Chinese Union Version (Simplified)Chinese Union Version (Traditional)Chinese Union Version Modern Punctuation (Simplified)Chinese Union Version Modern Punctuation (Traditional)

*   Bible Book List

Welcome to BibleGateway.com

PRIVACY POLICY

Effective as of December 2008

BibleGateway.com (the "Web Site") is owned and operated by The Zondervan Corporation L.L.C. ("Zondervan"), a part of the News America Group, which has adopted a set of Privacy Principles applicable to all its U.S.-based companies. Zondervan has implemented those Principles in this Privacy Policy, which describes how we collect, use and share personally identifiable information ("PII") we obtain from and about individuals located in the U.S. both online and off-line. All references herein to "BibleGateway" are intended to refer to Zondervan as a whole.

From time to time BibleGateway may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law, our PII collection and use practices, the features of our web sites, or technology. If we make revisions that change the way we collect or use your PII, those changes will be posted in this Privacy Policy and the effective date will be noted at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. Therefore, you should review it periodically so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices. If BibleGateway materially changes its practices regarding the collection or use of your PII, your PII will continue to be governed by the Policy under which it was collected unless you have been provided notice of and have not objected to the change.

COLLECTION: COLLECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ("PII") BY BIBLEGATEWAY

General. BibleGateway collects personally identifiable information ("PII" -- that is, information such as your full name, e-mail address, mailing address or telephone number) in order to create or enhance our relationship with you. When we collect PII from you it is because you are voluntarily submitting the information to us in order to participate in activities like surveys, forums, subscription registrations, in connection with content or suggestions you submit to us, chats or bulletin boards, or because you want us to furnish you with products, services or information. We may also obtain PII from reputable third parties.

Cookies. Cookies are small bits of information that the Web Site places on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies remember information about your activities on the site and enable the operator of the site to make your visits to our Web sites more enjoyable.

BibleGateway will employ cookies to identify you as a unique visitor. We also may use cookies in a variety of ways, such as allowing for easier logon and relating your use of our web sites to non-personally identifiable information you have provided to us, so that we can track trends, limit the online ads we display to you to those we believe are consistent with your interests and otherwise improve your experience on the Web Site.

We may also use cookies or similar tools to relate your use of our web sites to PII obtained from you or a reputable third party. For example, if you ask us to send you information about our upcoming products or promotions, cookie and/or click stream data about your activities on the Web Site may allow us to limit the material we send you to the types of items we believe you will find interesting, based upon your activities on our sites and your preferences. However, if we wish to coordinate your personal and web site activity information in this manner, we will obtain your express affirmative consent. Also, our cookies will not contain PII.

You can program your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely. You can also disable our cookies by clicking the "Logout" link on our web sites.

NOTICE: BIBLEGATEWAY WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH NOTICE ABOUT ITS PII COLLECTION PRACTICES

When you voluntarily provide PII to BibleGateway, we will make sure you are informed about who is collecting the information, how and why the information is being collected and the types of uses we will make of the information.

At the time you provide your PII, BibleGateway will notify you of your options regarding our use of your PII, including whether we will share it with outside companies (See "Choice" below). This Policy describes the types of other companies that may want to send you information about their products and services and therefore may want to share your personal information, provided you have given BibleGateway permission to do so (See "Use" below).

Sometimes we collect personally identifiable information from consumers in manual format or off-line, such as a post card or subscription form. Providing detailed notice in those situations often proves impractical, so consumers will instead be provided with a short notice that describes how to obtain the full text of this Policy and other relevant information from us.

The Web site may be linked to Internet sites operated by companies other than Zondervan. Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with a BibleGateway or Zondervan logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by Zondervan. The Web Site may also carry advertisements from other companies. BibleGateway is not responsible for the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties that are linked to the Web Site or for the privacy practices of third party or national Internet advertising companies. Once you've left a the Web Site via such a link or by clicking on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party or advertiser site to determine how they will handle any PII they collect from you.

The Web Site may also be linked to sites operated by companies affiliated with Zondervan (i.e., that are part of the News America Group). Although all News America Group entities adhere to the group's Privacy Principles, visitors to those affiliated sites should still refer to their separate privacy policies and practices, which may differ in some respects from this Policy.

CHOICE: BIBLEGATEWAY WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH CHOICES ABOUT THE USE OF YOUR PII

BibleGateway will not use the PII you provide to us for purposes different from the purpose for which it was submitted, or share your PII with third parties that are not affiliated with Zondervan (i.e., not part of the News America Group), unless we obtain your permission.

USE: BIBLEGATEWAY'S USE OF PII

BibleGateway will use your PII provided under this Policy in a manner that is consistent with this Policy. If BibleGateway obtains PII from a third party, such as a business partner, our use of that information is governed by this Policy.

BibleGateway may share your PII with companies that are affiliated with us, that is are part of the News America Group of companies. Provided you have given us permission, we may also share your PII with advertisers and business partners that are not affiliated with Zondervan but would like to send you information about their products and services. For example, BibleGateway may offer a newsletter with a co-sponsor that may have special offers or promotions that might be of interest to BibleGateway customers. However, you will always have the opportunity to instruct us not to share your information with third parties when PII is collected. Moreover, we will never share your credit card information with third parties except those BibleGateway uses to perform tasks (such as order fulfillment and payment processing) required to complete purchases you make through the Web Site.

BibleGateway's employees, agents and contractors must have a legitimate business reason to obtain access to your PII. BibleGateway may share your PII with outside contractors or agents who help us manage our information activities (i.e., sweepstakes administration, order fulfillment, statistical analyses), but they may only use your PII to provide BibleGateway with a specific service and not for any other purpose.

BibleGateway may also enter into agreements with outside companies that possess the technology that allows BibleGateway to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on the Web Site. Your non-PII and click stream data about your activities on the Web Site may be shared with these companies so this customization can be accomplished. These companies will not share your information with any third party or use it for any other purpose. Anonymous click stream and demographic information may also be shared with BibleGateway's advertisers and business partners.

There may be instances when BibleGateway may disclose PII without providing you with a choice in order to protect the legal rights of Zondervan, other companies within the News America Group or their employees, agents and contractors. to protect the safety and security of visitors to the Web Site. to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes. or to comply with the law or legal process. In addition, if Zondervan sells all or part of its business (such as the Web Site and its related activities) or makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, Zondervan may transfer your PII to a third party as part of that transaction.

SECURITY: BIBLEGATEWAY PROTECTS THE SECURITY OF PII

BibleGateway uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard PII in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. In addition, we use reasonable methods to make sure that PII is accurate, up-to-date and appropriately complete. Passwords and PII are stored by BibleGateway behind firewalls. Credit card information is encrypted both in transit and when stored within BibleGateway's online databases.

ACCESS: HOW TO ACCESS, CORRECT OR DELETE YOUR PII

BibleGateway has implemented a procedure for you to access, correct or delete your PII. If you would like to know the types of information that BibleGateway collects from visitors to the Web Site, please send your request to privacypolicy@biblegateway.com or write to Legal Department, HarperCollins Publishers, Attention: Privacy Policy, 10 East 53rd Street, New York, NY 10022.

If you would like to know whether BibleGateway has collected PII about you and what PII we have collected, please send us the activities that you participated in on our Web sites which requested PII. After reviewing the relevant databases, we will confirm whether we have collected such information about you and provide a list of your PII on file.

In the event your PII on file is incorrect, you may correct the PII by sending a written request for correction to privacypolicy@biblegateway.com that includes (1) all of the incorrect PII that you wish to change, (2) the corrected PII and (3) your signature authorizing such changes. BibleGateway will then correct the PII in our database and send a written confirmation to you.

If you wish to stop all future communications from BibleGateway, please contact privacypolicy@biblegateway.com, requesting that your PII be permanently removed from any BibleGateway database. We will send you a written confirmation of such removal.

However, there may be residual information that will remain within our databases that may or may not contain PII. This residual information will not be given to any third party or used for any commercial purpose.

REMEDIES AND COMPLIANCE: HOW TO CONTACT BIBLEGATEWAY ABOUT PRIVACY CONCERNS

If you have concerns regarding the collection and use of your PII or any other privacy issues, please contact:  
Legal Department  
HarperCollins Publishers  
Attention: Privacy Policy  
10 East 53rd Street  
New York, NY 10022  
privacypolicy@biblegateway.com

© Copyright \[2009\] The Zondervan Corporation L.L.C. All Rights Reserved.

^ Go to the top of the page

*   Home
*   Passage Lookup
*   Keyword Search
*   Topical Index
*   Available Versions
*   Audio Bibles
*   Additional Resources
*   Reading Plans
*   Devotionals
*   Newsletters
*   Bible Gateway App
*   Preferences
*   Bible Gateway Blog
*   Store

**Help and Contact**  
FAQs/Tutorials  
Contact us/Feedback  
Why We Advertise  
Use Bible Gateway On Your Site  
Advertise with Us  
Go to top of page

**Links**  
Mobile Bible Gateway  
Gospel.com  
Reverend Fun  
Zondervan.com  
Bible Gateway Store

**About and Legal**  
Statement of Faith  
About Bible Gateway  
Press Releases  
Site map  
Privacy policy  
Site: Terms of use  
Widget: Terms of use

**Sponsors**  
Christian Persecution  
Church Fundraising  
Book Self Publishing  
Gospel for Asia  
Medi-Share

Reflect on the true meaning of gratitude this holiday season—sign up for our new Thanksgiving email devotional! Close
