Motorola/Privacy Policy.md, before:

Motorola Mobility LLC (“Motorola”) recognizes that privacy and security are important for our customers and website users. This statement describes how Motorola collects, uses and safeguards information you provide when using motorola.com. By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of your information by Motorola as described in the policy currently in effect. Any changes to this statement will be posted on our websites, so please check back periodically to ensure that you have the most current statement.

What information is collected at motorola.com and how is it used?

  
We may collect personal information about you when you place an order with Motorola, including name, address, email address, phone numbers, payment card information, information used to personalize a Motorola mobile device or software experience, social security number (or equivalent national identification number), date of birth and other information. Motorola uses this information to facilitate order processing and to enable us to contact you if a problem arises with your order. Additionally, if you purchase a mobile device or other product requiring service, your personal information may be used to obtain a credit report, if necessary. Such information is required when making a purchase.

  
We may ask you for and collect personal information at other times, including when you enter a sweepstakes or contest. when you participate in a promotion or marketing campaign sponsored by Motorola or one of our business partners. when you complete surveys. when you participate in a user forum or blog hosted by Motorola or one of our business partners. We use the information you provide to help us design and build better products, to customize your shopping experience, and to provide advice and purchase recommendations and for other purposes consistent with this statement. Motorola may also match user information with third party data to help us better understand our customers.

Motorola also conducts research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior based on the information provided to us when making a purchase, during a promotion, from surveys and from our server log files. We do this to better understand and serve our users. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis so as to prevent identification of personal information relating to any one individual. Motorola may share this aggregated data with our business partners.

In addition, our web server logs collect the domain names and certain related data of visitors to our web sites. This information is aggregated to measure number of visits, average time spent on a Motorola web site, pages viewed and web site usage information. We use this information to measure the use of our sites. to improve the content of our sites. and to provide tailored advertisements. Aggregated information is not used in such a form that would enable direct connection of any personal information to our visitors.

Finally, we may also ask for your personal information when you express an interest in employment opportunities at Motorola.

WHAT ABOUT COOKIES, RELATED THIRD PARTY SERVICES AND INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISEMENTS?

  
In order to offer and provide a customized website experience, Motorola may use cookies, including GoogleAnalytics and DoubleClick cookies, to store and help track information about you. Cookies are simply small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Motorola uses cookies to help remind us who you are and to help you navigate our sites during your visits. Cookies enable us to save passwords and preferences for you so you won't have to re-enter them each time you visit. We also use cookies in order to determine relevant interest based advertisements to serve the user.

  
Motorola may also use cookies to measure traffic patterns and which areas of the Motorola site you have visited and your visiting patterns. This information is sometimes called a "clickstream." Motorola may use this information to understand how our users navigate our site and to determine common traffic patterns, including what site the user came from. We use this information to simplify site navigation, to make product recommendations and to help design our site in order to make your experience more efficient and enjoyable. The use of cookies is relatively standard. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. However, if you prefer not to store cookies, you can choose to:  

*   not use our sites
*   set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie
*   set your browser to refuse to accept cookies
*   delete our cookies after visiting our site
*   browse our site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “InPrivate” for Internet Explorer, "Private Browsing" in Firefox and Safari etc.).

However, please note that certain Motorola websites may not respond to Do-Not-Track signals sent by certain browsers. You should also understand that some features of the Motorola web site may not function properly if you don't accept cookies.

If you do not know how to control or delete cookies, or would like to opt-out of receiving certain targeted ads based on your browsing history, we recommend that you visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ for detailed guidance, including opt-out instructions. If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertisers and/or opt out of the customized Google Display Network, you may do so by visiting the Ads Preferences Manager. You may also wish to utilize the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile device you will need to refer to your handset manual. Further information on the use of cookies and digital advertising may be found at http://aboutads.info

Motorola may also use services hosted by third parties, such as Google Analytics for Display Advertisers, Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, DoubleClick Campaign Manager and Google Analytics Demographic and Interest Reporting to assist in providing services to help us understand our customers' use of our websites and products, and to deliver and manage interest-based advertisements. These services may collect information, such as your IP address, sent by your browser or via cookies. This information may be used to measure website trends and to deliver a Motorola product advertisement while browsing a website including non-Motorola websites. These ads are delivered based on a user’s visit to the Motorola website. Motorola and its third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to Motorola’s website.  
  
**Please see "Cookies" in the section above to learn how you can control the use of cookies on your computer and how you can control your receipt of such interest-based ads.**

Who is collecting the information?

  
When you are on a Motorola site and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with Motorola and its subsidiaries and related companies. Additionally, if you purchase a mobile device or other product requiring service, your personal information may be collected by a third party company working with Motorola. Motorola may also contract with third party companies to perform services for Motorola on its website that require these companies to collect website user information (e.g. hosting a website sweepstakes, promotion or survey, selling software downloads or delivering Motorola advertisements).

  
In addition, Motorola's web sites may allow third parties to provide products and services directly to Motorola customers. Such relationships are often designated with a "Provided By" or "Powered By" company logo or other similarly worded designation. If you choose to purchase a product or service from such a third party, that party will collect your information and share it with Motorola. You may review the privacy practices of the third party either by clicking the link on the bottom of the page or by clicking on the "Provided by Company" logo, which will take you to their web site.

Additionally, when you purchase or download software applications from Motorola or a third party, your personal information is shared with the software developer/licensor in order to register you as a licensed software user and to permit them to provide you any required support. If you are concerned about the privacy policy of a certain developer or software company, you may contact them directly or visit their individual web sites.

The Motorola website may also contain various links to third-party websites that may provide additional information, goods, services and promotions. These sites are operated independently of Motorola and have their own separate privacy and data collection practices. Any information you provide to these websites will be governed under the terms of their privacy policy, if any. Motorola has no responsibility or liability for the actions or policies of these independent sites and is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites.

Does Motorola share my information?

  
Except as outlined in this policy or on our web sites, Motorola does not provide your personal information to third parties without your consent. Please note that, in special cases, we may need to share information without acquiring consent, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, or to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our sites' Terms of Use or may be violating Motorola's or others’ rights or causing injury to or interference with Motorola's or others’ property.

  
In addition, Motorola shares the information you provide with Motorola subsidiaries and related companies. If you purchase a mobile device, or other product requiring service, your personal information is shared with the service provider/carrier with whom you subscribe. Additionally, if you express an interest in a product requiring a particular type of service, Motorola may share your personal information with your local service provider in order to determine whether such service is available in your area.

Motorola may share your personal information with third-party business partners so that they may provide services to Motorola that are consistent with the terms of this Privacy Statement, and this web site (e.g. order processing and delivery, database management, sending targeted advertisements, software sales, and conducting sweepstakes and other promotions on behalf of Motorola). Motorola takes great pride in utilizing only reputable business partners. Motorola may also, on occasion, provide personal information to third-party businesses as part of a specific product, service, or promotion.

Motorola shares web site usage information about visitors to our web sites who have received a targeted promotional campaign with reputable third-party advertising companies for the purpose of targeting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics. For this purpose, we and our third-party advertising companies note some of the pages you visit on our web sites through the use of pixel tags. The information collected by our third-party advertising companies through the use of these pixel tags is not personally identifiable.

What choices do I have regarding collection, use and distribution of my personal information?

  
Motorola or its business partners may send you email or direct mail regarding our products and services. If you do not want to receive such information, simply tell us when you give us your personal information, or follow the directions contained on the mailing to remove your name from our mailing list(s). You may also visit http://optout.motorola.com.  
On certain types of Motorola promotions, we will ask for your email address in order to contact you in the event you have won a prize. When you participate in these types of promotions, you may receive promotion-related email. Occasionally these promotion-related email messages may include targeted advertisements. If you do not wish to receive such advertisements, you can choose not to participate in such promotions or contests.

  
Please note that by refusing to provide personal information or by denying or withdrawing consent to use personal information for purposes identified, you may be unable to participate in certain programs or activities sponsored by Motorola.

You also have the right to access (review, correct or delete) your personal information by contacting Motorola. Individuals are responsible for providing Motorola with accurate and complete personal information and for contacting Motorola if correction of such information is required. Please note that, where permitted, we may charge a nominal fee for fulfilling access requests and that we reserve the right to disallow unreasonable requests for access.

If you have established a "user profile" on a Motorola web site, you may change the information you provided by visiting that portion of the web site and re-submitting your information.

Please direct any questions concerning Motorola's privacy practices to privacy@motorola.com. Requests to unsubscribe from ("opt-out" of) communications from Motorola may also be sent to privacy@motorola.com. Inquiries or requests may be mailed to:  
  
Motorola Mobility LLC  
Attention: Privacy Compliance Program  
222 West Merchandise Mart Plaza, Suite 1800,  
Mailstop 16.O.19  
Chicago, IL 60654  
USA

What about information security and transfers of data across borders?

  
When you place an order or provide personal information, we use certain security measures, such as encryption, where appropriate. Encryption scrambles the information in your purchase, including your credit card number, so this information can only be viewed by Motorola. Motorola uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology, where appropriate, for Internet-based transactions.

  
_However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure._ As a result, while we have taken appropriate steps to protect your personal information, Motorola cannot ensure or otherwise warrant the security of any information you provide to us or from our Web site and therefore you use our site at your own risk.

As a global company Motorola has websites and users all over the world. The information you provide may be transmitted, used, processed and stored outside of the country where you submitted that information, including countries that may not have data privacy laws that provide protection equivalent to such laws in your home country. However, whenever Motorola handles personal information, regardless of where this occurs, we take appropriate steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with the relevant Terms of Use, this Privacy Statement and all applicable laws and regulations.

In addition to the privacy practices set out in this policy, Motorola has established a set of “Binding Corporate Rules”, which have been approved by certain European Union Data Protection Authorities. These binding corporate rules are a commitment by Motorola Mobility to adequately protect personal data that we process regardless of where the data resides. A full copy of the rules can be found here.

What about my child's privacy?

  
Websites operated by or on behalf of Motorola and its worldwide affiliated companies and subsidiaries are intended for use by persons age 13 and over. Motorola does not seek to collect information about children under the age of 13. No information should be submitted to or posted on Motorola's web sites by users under 13 years of age.

  
If a child under the age of 13 submits personal information to Motorola's web sites, we delete the information as soon as we discover it was provided by a child under 13 years of age and do not use it for any purpose. Motorola encourages parents to take an active role in their children's use of the Internet and to inform them of the potential dangers of providing information about themselves over the Internet.

Commit message:

Update Motorola Privacy Policy
This version was recorded after filtering snapshot 87b35e6bdd35f09fecd4b75a27cdd0c9d32690e5
Snapshot originally obtained on 2015-10-27

Motorola/Privacy Policy.md, after:

Motorola Mobility LLC (“Motorola”) recognizes that privacy and security are important for our customers and website users. This statement describes how Motorola collects, uses and safeguards information you provide when using motorola.com. By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of your information by Motorola as described in the policy currently in effect. Any changes to this statement will be posted on our websites, so please check back periodically to ensure that you have the most current statement.

What information is collected at motorola.com and how is it used?

  
We may collect personal information about you when you place an order with Motorola, including name, address, email address, phone numbers, payment card information, information used to personalize a Motorola mobile device or software experience, social security number (or equivalent national identification number), date of birth and other information. Motorola uses this information to facilitate order processing and to enable us to contact you if a problem arises with your order. Additionally, if you purchase a mobile device or other product requiring service, your personal information may be used to obtain a credit report, if necessary. Such information is required when making a purchase.

  
We may ask you for and collect personal information at other times, including when you enter a sweepstakes or contest. when you participate in a promotion or marketing campaign sponsored by Motorola or one of our business partners. when you complete surveys. when you participate in a user forum or blog hosted by Motorola or one of our business partners. We use the information you provide to help us design and build better products, to customize your shopping experience, and to provide advice and purchase recommendations and for other purposes consistent with this statement. Motorola may also match user information with third party data to help us better understand our customers.

Motorola also conducts research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior based on the information provided to us when making a purchase, during a promotion, from surveys and from our server log files. We do this to better understand and serve our users. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis so as to prevent identification of personal information relating to any one individual. Motorola may share this aggregated data with our business partners.

In addition, our web server logs collect the domain names and certain related data of visitors to our web sites. This information is aggregated to measure number of visits, average time spent on a Motorola web site, pages viewed and web site usage information. We use this information to measure the use of our sites. to improve the content of our sites. and to provide tailored advertisements. Aggregated information is not used in such a form that would enable direct connection of any personal information to our visitors.

Finally, we may also ask for your personal information when you express an interest in employment opportunities at Motorola.

WHAT ABOUT COOKIES, RELATED THIRD PARTY SERVICES AND INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISEMENTS?

  
In order to offer and provide a customized website experience, Motorola may use cookies, including GoogleAnalytics and DoubleClick cookies, to store and help track information about you. Cookies are simply small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Motorola uses cookies to help remind us who you are and to help you navigate our sites during your visits. Cookies enable us to save passwords and preferences for you so you won't have to re-enter them each time you visit. We also use cookies in order to determine relevant interest based advertisements to serve the user.

  
Motorola may also use cookies to measure traffic patterns and which areas of the Motorola site you have visited and your visiting patterns. This information is sometimes called a "clickstream." Motorola may use this information to understand how our users navigate our site and to determine common traffic patterns, including what site the user came from. We use this information to simplify site navigation, to make product recommendations and to help design our site in order to make your experience more efficient and enjoyable. The use of cookies is relatively standard. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. However, if you prefer not to store cookies, you can choose to:  

*   not use our sites
*   set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie
*   set your browser to refuse to accept cookies
*   delete our cookies after visiting our site
*   browse our site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “InPrivate” for Internet Explorer, "Private Browsing" in Firefox and Safari etc.).

However, please note that certain Motorola websites may not respond to Do-Not-Track signals sent by certain browsers. You should also understand that some features of the Motorola web site may not function properly if you don't accept cookies.

If you do not know how to control or delete cookies, or would like to opt-out of receiving certain targeted ads based on your browsing history, we recommend that you visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ for detailed guidance, including opt-out instructions. If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertisers and/or opt out of the customized Google Display Network, you may do so by visiting the Ads Preferences Manager. You may also wish to utilize the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile device you will need to refer to your handset manual. Further information on the use of cookies and digital advertising may be found at http://aboutads.info

Motorola may also use services hosted by third parties, such as Google Analytics for Display Advertisers, Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, DoubleClick Campaign Manager and Google Analytics Demographic and Interest Reporting to assist in providing services to help us understand our customers' use of our websites and products, and to deliver and manage interest-based advertisements. These services may collect information, such as your IP address, sent by your browser or via cookies. This information may be used to measure website trends and to deliver a Motorola product advertisement while browsing a website including non-Motorola websites. These ads are delivered based on a user’s visit to the Motorola website. Motorola and its third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to Motorola’s website.  
  
**Please see "Cookies" in the section above to learn how you can control the use of cookies on your computer and how you can control your receipt of such interest-based ads.**

Who is collecting the information?

  
When you are on a Motorola site and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with Motorola and its subsidiaries and related companies. Additionally, if you purchase a mobile device or other product requiring service, your personal information may be collected by a third party company working with Motorola. Motorola may also contract with third party companies to perform services for Motorola on its website that require these companies to collect website user information (e.g. hosting a website sweepstakes, promotion or survey, selling software downloads or delivering Motorola advertisements).

  
In addition, Motorola's web sites may allow third parties to provide products and services directly to Motorola customers. Such relationships are often designated with a "Provided By" or "Powered By" company logo or other similarly worded designation. If you choose to purchase a product or service from such a third party, that party will collect your information and share it with Motorola. You may review the privacy practices of the third party either by clicking the link on the bottom of the page or by clicking on the "Provided by Company" logo, which will take you to their web site.

Additionally, when you purchase or download software applications from Motorola or a third party, your personal information is shared with the software developer/licensor in order to register you as a licensed software user and to permit them to provide you any required support. If you are concerned about the privacy policy of a certain developer or software company, you may contact them directly or visit their individual web sites.

The Motorola website may also contain various links to third-party websites that may provide additional information, goods, services and promotions. These sites are operated independently of Motorola and have their own separate privacy and data collection practices. Any information you provide to these websites will be governed under the terms of their privacy policy, if any. Motorola has no responsibility or liability for the actions or policies of these independent sites and is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites.

Does Motorola share my information?

  
Except as outlined in this policy or on our web sites, Motorola does not provide your personal information to third parties without your consent. Please note that, in special cases, we may need to share information without acquiring consent, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, or to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our sites' Terms of Use or may be violating Motorola's or others’ rights or causing injury to or interference with Motorola's or others’ property.

  
In addition, Motorola shares the information you provide with Motorola subsidiaries and related companies. If you purchase a mobile device, or other product requiring service, your personal information is shared with the service provider/carrier with whom you subscribe. Additionally, if you express an interest in a product requiring a particular type of service, Motorola may share your personal information with your local service provider in order to determine whether such service is available in your area.

Motorola may share your personal information with third-party business partners so that they may provide services to Motorola that are consistent with the terms of this Privacy Statement, and this web site (e.g. order processing and delivery, database management, sending targeted advertisements, software sales, and conducting sweepstakes and other promotions on behalf of Motorola). Motorola takes great pride in utilizing only reputable business partners. Motorola may also, on occasion, provide personal information to third-party businesses as part of a specific product, service, or promotion.

Motorola shares web site usage information about visitors to our web sites who have received a targeted promotional campaign with reputable third-party advertising companies for the purpose of targeting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics. For this purpose, we and our third-party advertising companies note some of the pages you visit on our web sites through the use of pixel tags. The information collected by our third-party advertising companies through the use of these pixel tags is not personally identifiable.

What choices do I have regarding collection, use and distribution of my personal information?

  
Motorola or its business partners may send you email or direct mail regarding our products and services. If you do not want to receive such information, simply tell us when you give us your personal information, or follow the directions contained on the mailing to remove your name from our mailing list(s). You may also visit http://optout.motorola.com.  
On certain types of Motorola promotions, we will ask for your email address in order to contact you in the event you have won a prize. When you participate in these types of promotions, you may receive promotion-related email. Occasionally these promotion-related email messages may include targeted advertisements. If you do not wish to receive such advertisements, you can choose not to participate in such promotions or contests.

  
Please note that by refusing to provide personal information or by denying or withdrawing consent to use personal information for purposes identified, you may be unable to participate in certain programs or activities sponsored by Motorola.

You also have the right to access (review, correct or delete) your personal information by contacting Motorola. Individuals are responsible for providing Motorola with accurate and complete personal information and for contacting Motorola if correction of such information is required. Please note that, where permitted, we may charge a nominal fee for fulfilling access requests and that we reserve the right to disallow unreasonable requests for access.

If you have established a "user profile" on a Motorola web site, you may change the information you provided by visiting that portion of the web site and re-submitting your information.

Please direct any questions concerning Motorola's privacy practices to privacy@motorola.com. Requests to unsubscribe from ("opt-out" of) communications from Motorola may also be sent to privacy@motorola.com. Inquiries or requests may be mailed to:  
  
Motorola Mobility LLC  
Attention: Privacy Compliance Program  
222 West Merchandise Mart Plaza, Suite 1800,  
Mailstop 16.O.19  
Chicago, IL 60654  
USA

What about information security and transfers of data across borders?

  
When you place an order or provide personal information, we use certain security measures, such as encryption, where appropriate. Encryption scrambles the information in your purchase, including your credit card number, so this information can only be viewed by Motorola. Motorola uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology, where appropriate, for Internet-based transactions.

  
_However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure._ As a result, while we have taken appropriate steps to protect your personal information, Motorola cannot ensure or otherwise warrant the security of any information you provide to us or from our Web site and therefore you use our site at your own risk.

Please report security questions, issues or possible incidents to the Motorola Mobility Security Team via email or phone: Email: security@motorola.com. Telephone: +1.866.343.5220 (In the U.S.). +1.302.444.9838 (All other locations)

  

As a global company Motorola has websites and users all over the world. The information you provide may be transmitted, used, processed and stored outside of the country where you submitted that information, including countries that may not have data privacy laws that provide protection equivalent to such laws in your home country. However, whenever Motorola handles personal information, regardless of where this occurs, we take appropriate steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with the relevant Terms of Use, this Privacy Statement and all applicable laws and regulations.

In addition to the privacy practices set out in this policy, Motorola has established a set of “Binding Corporate Rules”, which have been approved by certain European Union Data Protection Authorities. These binding corporate rules are a commitment by Motorola Mobility to adequately protect personal data that we process regardless of where the data resides. A full copy of the rules can be found here.

What about my child's privacy?

  
Websites operated by or on behalf of Motorola and its worldwide affiliated companies and subsidiaries are intended for use by persons age 13 and over. Motorola does not seek to collect information about children under the age of 13. No information should be submitted to or posted on Motorola's web sites by users under 13 years of age.

  
If a child under the age of 13 submits personal information to Motorola's web sites, we delete the information as soon as we discover it was provided by a child under 13 years of age and do not use it for any purpose. Motorola encourages parents to take an active role in their children's use of the Internet and to inform them of the potential dangers of providing information about themselves over the Internet.
