**Last Updated:** July 16, 2014

**Effective Date:** August 16, 2014

Overview

Grooveshark is a service provided by Escape Media Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries ("EMG", "we", "us" or "our"). EMG has established a comprehensive Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") which is designed to help protect your privacy rights. By using http://grooveshark.com, and its associated subdomains (collectively, the "Site"), you, the User, agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy in its entirety can be found below. To make it easier to digest our Privacy Policy, the following bullet points provide an overview of our Privacy Policy and the significant control you have over how your data is shared:

*   You may control the collection of information associated with you by going to http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt\_out.asp or emailing support@grooveshark.com.
*   We do not sell your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties.
*   We have secure systems in place to protect your sensitive private information, however no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, thus we cannot and do not warrant that any information is safe or secure from exposure to third parties.
*   If you have any inquiries, complaints, or concerns about the collection, protection and dissemination of your data, please email us at support@grooveshark.com.

Please continue reading for a full description of our Privacy Policy.

Privacy Policy

Collectively, the Site and the Grooveshark Application Programming Interface ("API," which is accessible through http://developers.grooveshark.com) are hereby referred to as the "Service." EMG collects information about you when you use the Service. Once collected, there are certain parties with whom EMG may selectively share this information. This Privacy Policy applies to any use of the Service.

If you find any part of this Privacy Policy unacceptable, please discontinue your use of the Service immediately, as this Privacy Policy is integrated into, and subject to all other terms relating to your use of the Service (including those found at http://grooveshark.com/terms, http://grooveshark.com/legal/artist\_terms, and at http://grooveshark.com/apitos). Your use of any or all components of the Service constitutes a knowing acceptance and agreement to the terms and provisions of this Privacy Policy.

I. Key Terms

*   _"Anonymous Information"_ means data that a User has submitted to the Service, or has been accumulated by the Service, that cannot reasonably be connected to or associated with any Personally Identifiable Information. This data may include, but is not limited to, averages and or totals of browser and operating system types, entry and exit pages, User, artist, or album popularity, demographic information, and amount of data transferred.
*   _"Personally Identifiable Information"_ means unencrypted data which can be used to identify or contact a person uniquely and reliably, including a User’s name, address, phone number or e-mail address.
*   _"Public Information"_ means data that a User has submitted to the Service, or has been accumulated by the Service through its use, and is available to be viewed and/or consumed by any User of the Service or the general public. This may include, but is not necessarily limited to playlists, tags, comments made through your Google or Twitter login, listening history, a User's combined first and last name, and/or information accessible on a User's public profile.
*   _"User"_ means any user who is interacting with the Service.

II. Information we collect:

*   **Public Information.** To provide the needed data to make the Service possible, EMG collects and stores information that includes, but is not limited to:
    1.  User information submitted to register for our Service;
    2.  Information entered into User profiles;
    3.  Music library information (as well as accompanying information such as tags, ratings, usage data, and comments);
    4.  Information submitted to polls, contests, sweepstakes, surveys or other features of the Service, or information about when you respond to offers or advertisements on the Service;
*   **Anonymous information.** EMG records Anonymous Information about Users of the Service, which is stored as necessary to fulfill our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, operate our business and improve the performance of the Site.
*   **Cookies and Anonymous Identifiers.** The term "Cookie" is a nickname for files that may be deposited onto a User's computer through use of the Service. Cookies are used to recognize information about how the User interacts with the Service, including visits to the website, what pages are accessed, and what functionalities are used, among other things. The use of cookies is commonplace on the Internet and they take up minimal room. Cookies work by assigning a number to your computer that has a specific meaning to the assigning website. Cookies, by themselves, cannot be used to determine the identity of any User. Unless you choose to provide us with information about you, we will never know who you are, even though our computer has previously deposited a cookie on your computer. In addition, you may modify your Internet browser's settings to notify you whenever any website requests to deposit a cookie on your computer. This notification option generally gives you the opportunity to decide whether to accept or refuse a cookie before it is deposited. EMG employs the use of cookies to enable our systems to recognize your browser, to identify how and when the Service is visited and to gather analytics about the Service, among other things. We use both persistent ID cookies, which remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove or control these persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s "help" file.  
    Our advertising and/or analytics partners may also use cookies in order to deliver targeted advertising to you. Other companies that advertise on our Site also have the ability to deposit a different cookie on your computer in a process that we do not control. EMG maintains no liability for the depositing of such cookies, and all Users of the Service release EMG of all liability with respect to third party cookies.
*   **Personally Identifiable Information.** EMG collects and stores Personally Identifiable Information. This information is needed to enable certain features the Service provides, and is stored for as long as you have an account, and as necessary to fulfill our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements. Personally Identifiable Information, such as a User's email address, address of residence, date of birth, or phone number, will not be shared with any third party without consent from the User unless otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service.
*   **Surveys/Sweepstakes.** You may choose to answer surveys or enter sweepstakes posted on the Service by EMG or a third party. These third parties may obtain information that you voluntarily submit to them. This Privacy Policy does not cover survey responses you voluntarily provide to any third party or survey, and EMG is not responsible for the collection and use of any such information by these third parties. Survey responses you provide to EMG may be published, transferred, sold or licensed to third parties. however, no Personally Identifiable Information will be included with the survey responses except for that Personally Identifiable Information you provide as a survey response.
*   **IP Address Information.** When you use the Service, the IP Address of the computer or network device making the request is stored. IP address information is used and stored for as long as necessary to enforce our agreements, resolve disputes, improve and operate our business and fulfill our legal obligations. This may be done without any notification to you.
*   **Data Retention.** Except as otherwise stated herein, we may retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide the Service, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If you wish to cancel your account, contact us at support@grooveshark.com.

III. How we use the information we collect:

*   **Maintenance and Improvement.** We use the information we collect from the Service to provide, maintain and improve the Service.
*   **Protection.** We use the information we collect from the Service to develop new services, and to protect EMG and our Users.
*   **Customization.** We may use the information that we collect from the Service to customize and personalize the advertising and the content you see.
*   **Cookies.** We may use cookie technology to collect website usage data and make your advertising more relevant. We may also:
    1.  Use "flash cookie" technology as part of the music player to store User preferences and session information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove flash cookies. To learn more about how to manage privacy and storage settings for flash cookies, please visit http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings\_manager.html#117118.
    2.  Partner with third party advertisers who may (themselves or through their partners) place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. These cookies enable more customized ads, content or services to be provided to you. No Personally Identifiable Information is on, or is connected to, these cookies. These cookies may reflect de-identified location, demographic or other data linked to data you have voluntarily submitted to us (e.g., your email address, in hashed, non-human readable form). To opt out of these cookies, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
    3.  Allow third parties (including Remarketing with Google Analytics Advertising Features) to place cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons, clear GIFs, and tracking pixels, on the Site for the purpose of retargeting or allowing that third party to record that a User has visited the Site or used the Service, or to gather other information, provided that such a third party is doing so only to collect Anonymous Information that will not include any Personally Identifiable Information. In some instances third parties may request an encrypted or "hashed" (non-human readable) User identifier that may correspond to other information already obtained from another party on a particular User. To learn more about behavioral advertising or to opt-out of this type of advertising, please visit http://www.privacychoice.org/choose, http://www.networkadvertising.org, and/or http://rt.displaymarketplace.com/optout.html.
    4.  As is true of most websites, we may gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include IP addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We may use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the Service, to track Users’ movements around the Site, to improve the Service and to gather demographic information about our User base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to Personally Identifiable Information.
*   **Surveys/Sweepstakes.** We may use information collected through Surveys/Sweepstakes to:
    1.  Send you newsletters and otherwise provide you with information or services you request or that we think will be of interest to you, such as sending you information to keep you informed about various events, promotions, contests, products, surveys, sweepstakes and services. and
    2.  Notify and contact contest and sweepstakes entrants and winners.

IV. Information you share:

*   **Voluntary Disclosure.** You should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose any information, including Personally Identifiable Information, on openly visible parts of the Service, such as blogs, Site pages and community forums, and that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of EMG and this Privacy Policy. To request removal of any personal information you submit to the Service, contact us at support@grooveshark.com. however, please be aware that in some cases, we may not be able to remove such information you submit, in which case we will let you know. Alternatively, if you used a third party application to post such information, you can remove it, by either logging into that application and removing the information or by contacting the appropriate third party application.
*   **Access to your Personal Information.** If your personal information changes you may update it as necessary by visiting the profile settings page here. If you no longer desire to use our Service, you may deactivate your account by emailing us at support@grooveshark.com.
*   **Newsletters.** If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe. You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in such emails or by updating your preferences within your profile settings here.
*   **Connect.** You can login to our Site using sign-in services such as Google, Twitter, Last.FM and Flattr. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information to pre-populate our signup form, including without limitation, your name, gender, birth date, country, language, time zone and email address. Services like Google and Twitter give you the option to post information about your activities on this Site to your profile page to share with others within your network.
*   **Invite Your Friends.** You may choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our Service by providing us with your friend's name and contact information, at which point we may send your friend an invitation to visit the Site. EMG may store this information for the purpose of sending this invitation and tracking the success of our referral program, but we will not share your friend’s information with third parties unless otherwise required by law or this Privacy Policy.
*   **Social Media Widgets.** Our Service may include Social Media features, such as the Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, and Youtube button, widgets or interactive mini-programs that run on our Site. These features may collect your IP address and which pages you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

V. How we share information we collect:

*   **Public Information.** EMG may display or share with third parties Public Information gathered from the Service in order to improve our business operations, fulfill our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. For example, we may share Public Information to show trends about the general use of our Services, which may be displayed on beluga.grooveshark.com and/or in other areas of the Service. EMG may also share Public Information via the API.
*   **Anonymous information.** Anonymous Information may be shared with any third party EMG chooses at any time and for any length of time (including making this data available via the API).
*   **Non-Personally Identifiable Information.** We may use and share non-Personally Identifiable Information, such as general demographic or location information, or information about the computer or device from which you access the Service. In addition, we may de-identify Personally Identifiable Information and share it in an aggregated or non-identifiable form with third parties, advertisers and business partners in order to analyze Service usage, improve the Services and your listener experience, or for other similar purposes. The use and disclosure of such aggregate or Non-Personally Identifiable information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy.
*   **Personally Identifiable Information.** Personally Identifiable Information will not be displayed or shared with any third party unless one of the following circumstances apply:
    1.  **With your consent -** If you give your consent, we may disclose your information to a third party unless otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service.
    2.  **With your authorization -** Should you utilize any feature or piece of functionality in the Service and (A) provide your username or password to a third party service, such as a credit card processor, (B) authorize the exchange of data from the third party service to the Service via the third parties website, API, or product, or (C) voluntarily provide or display such information at your choosing, you authorize EMG to share your Personally Identifiable Information with such third party service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, certain protected personal information, including PayPal username and password, and credit card information (plain text or encrypted), will never be shared with any third parties except as necessary to operate the Service and as explicitly approved by you.
    3.  **Surveys/Sweepstakes -** We may share information you provide to us to administer your participation in any contest, survey or sweepstakes, or other features of the Service, and for other purposes stated on the entry form, such as to allow us to contact you to notify you of a potential prize you may have won.
    4.  **Unsubscribe -** If you unsubscribe for a mailing that we sent to you on behalf of a third party, we may share your removal instructions with the third party so that your email address may be added to that company’s list of people to whom they will no longer send emails to directly.
    5.  **Personalization -** We may share your information with a third party when we jointly offer a feature or service with that third party, such as connectivity with other applications or websites, to provide personalization to the Service.
    6.  **For the API -** Certain features in the Service may allow for or be introduced to allow for integration between the Service and other third party services. In order for some features to be provided, some Personally Identifiable Information may need to be transferred between EMG and the third party service.
*   **Legal reasons -** We may also disclose your information (including Personally Identifiable Information):
    1.  As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process;
    2.  When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our legal or property rights, protect your safety or the safety of Users or others, or respond to a government request;
    3.  To protect against or investigate fraud or for risk management purposes;
    4.  In connection with a merger between Escape Media Group and another entity, or in the event of a transfer of all or some of our assets to another company.
*   **Advertising.** Advertisers are not given special access to a User's Personally Identifiable Information unless otherwise stated in this Policy or the Terms of Service. If you choose to follow an advertisement link, you do so at your own risk. EMG does not guarantee the safety or accuracy of any third party site, advertisement or product. Advertisers also have their own privacy policies and terms of service that must be carefully reviewed.

VI. Opt-Out:

*   If you, the User, object to the above treatment of your information, then please refrain from using the Service and follow this link (http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt\_out.asp) to control the use and collection of your information, which may result in limited access to the Service.

VII. Data Security

*   EMG takes reasonable steps to protect information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. EMG has in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration and destruction.
*   The security of your Personally Identifiable Information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
*   The Service contains links to other Internet websites which we do not operate and, conversely, other Internet websites may contain links to our Website. We are not aware of and are not responsible for the privacy policies, practices, or content of such other websites. We encourage visitors to read and become familiar with the privacy policies maintained by such other websites.

VIII. Minors:

*   EMG does not knowingly collect or solicit Personally Identifiable Information from or about children under age 13, and children under the age of 13 may not utilize any services provided by EMG except as permitted by law. If we discover we have received any information from a child under 13 in violation of this Privacy Policy, we will take necessary steps to remove that information immediately. If you believe EMG has any information from or about anyone under 13, please contact us at support@grooveshark.com.

IX. Forum Selection and Choice of Law:

*   This Privacy Policy, which is an agreement between you and EMG, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any dispute or legal proceeding relating to or arising from this Privacy Policy or your use of the Service will be adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction sitting in the state of Florida, County of Alachua, and you and EMG expressly consent to the personal jurisdiction of the State and Federal courts sitting in Alachua County, Florida.

X. Indemnification:

*   You, the User, hereby indemnify and hold harmless EMG, and upon EMG's request, will defend EMG and its affiliates (and their respective directors, officers and employees) from and against any and all losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of your use of the Service, including but not limited to any such use which is not authorized under this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, or as a result of such use, any external party gaining access to and/or utilizing EMG's API in a way which violates EMG's API TOS (http://www.grooveshark.com/apitos).

XI. Privacy Policy Updates:

*   EMG is committed to protecting your privacy while providing you with a competitive and secure Service. As such, EMG will continuously evaluate this Privacy Policy and make necessary revisions to the Privacy Policy as new technology, law, and business concerns arise. Therefore, EMG may make periodic revisions or alterations to the Privacy Policy. EMG reserves the right to revise this agreement at any time, so please refer back to this page frequently for updates. we may also provide notice of such changes on our homepage, by email, or by blog post. Notwithstanding the foregoing, EMG is under no obligation to notify a User regarding changes to this Privacy Policy, and thus Users should periodically visit this page to review the then current Privacy Policy to which you are bound.

XII. Consent to processing:

*   Use of the Service in a manner that could subject EMG to jurisdiction or laws in any territory outside the United States is a violation of our Terms of Use. Nevertheless, if you use the Service outside of the United States, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to the transfer of such personal information to, and the collection and processing of such personal information in the United States and other countries or territories. The laws on holding personal information in the United States may vary and be less stringent than laws of your state or country.

XIII. Your California privacy rights:

*   California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits Users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year a list of the third parties to whom we disclosed their personal information (if any) for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the categories of personal information disclosed to those third parties. If you wish to make such a request or have any questions about EMG's information sharing practices, you may contact us by sending an email to support@grooveshark.com or writing us at the address listed below.

XIV. Contact:

*   If you have any inquiries, complaints, or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the use of the Service, please email us at support@grooveshark.com. Inquiries can also be sent to our mailing address at:  
      
    *   Escape Media Group, Inc. (Grooveshark)  
        201 SE 2nd Ave., Suite 201  
        Gainesville, FL 32601