Appchronicles/Privacy Policy.md, before:

    App Chronicles 

*   Facebook
*   Twitter

*   RSS Feed
*   Email Updates

*   Home
*   App Trailers
*   Apps Gone Free
    *   Editor's Picks: The Best Free Apps of the Week
    *   Free iPad Apps
    *   Free iPhone Apps
*   App Reviews
    *   iPad Reviews
    *   iPhone Reviews
*   Top Rated Apps
    *   Best iPad Apps
    *   Best iPad Productivity Apps
    *   Best iPhone Apps
*   Walkthrough

  Best Free Apps of the Day!

Free Today! Priority Matrix

  New and Upcoming MMORPG's

Arcane Legends, Armed Heroes, &. More!

    Hot, New Games This Week!

Crazi Taxi, Topia, &. More!

  Our Top Rated iPad Apps Rayman Jungle Run  
  
FIFA SOCCER 13  
  
Lili  
  
Bad Piggies  
  
Final Fantasy Dimensions  
  
Bento 4  
  
The World Ends With You: Solo Remix  
  
Bastion  
  
Granny Smith  
  
Blast-A-Way  
  
Privacy Policy Privacy and Cookies Policy

  
Introduction  
App Chronicles takes your right to privacy seriously, and wants you to feel comfortable using this web site. This privacy policy deals with personally-identifiable information (referred to as “data” below) that may be collected by this site. This policy does not apply to other entities that are not owned or controlled by the site editor, nor does it apply to persons that are not employees or agents of the site editor, or that are not under the site editor’s control.

1\. Collection of data  
Registration for an account or posting comments on this site requires only a valid e-mail address, a user name that has not been chosen already and your name. You are not required to provide any other information if you do not want to. Please be aware that your name, the user name you choose, the e-mail address you provide and any other information you enter may render you personally identifiable, and may possibly be displayed on this web site intentionally (depending on choices you make during the registration process, or depending on the way in which the site is configured) or unintentionally (subsequent to a successful act of intrusion by a third party). As on many web sites, the site editor may also automatically receive general information that is contained in server log files, such as your IP address, and cookie information. Information about how advertising may be served on this site (if it is indeed the site editor’s policy to display advertising) is set forth below.

2\. Use of data  
Data may be used to customize and improve your user experience on this site. Efforts will be made to prevent your data being made available to third parties unless (i) provided for otherwise in this Privacy Policy. (ii) your consent is obtained, such as when you choose to opt-in or opt-out for the sharing of data. (iii) a service provided on our site requires interaction with a third party, or is provided by a third party, such as an application service provider. (iv) pursuant to legal action or law enforcement. (v) it is found that your use of this site violates the site editor’s policy, terms of service, or other usage guidelines, or if it is deemed reasonably necessary by the site editor to protect the site editor’s legal rights and/or property. In the event you choose to use links displayed on this web site to visit other web sites, you are advised to read the privacy policies published on those sites.

3\. Cookies  
Like many web sites, this web site sets and uses cookies to enhance your user experience — to remember your personal settings, for instance. Advertisements may display on this web site and, if so, may set and access cookies on your computer. such cookies are subject to the privacy policy of the parties providing the advertisement. However, the parties providing the advertising do not have access to this site’s cookies. These parties usually use non-personally-identifiable or anonymous codes to obtain information about your visits to this site.

\* Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.  
\* Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet.  
\* You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

4\. Minors  
The site editor might not allow persons who are aged thirteen or younger to become members of this site.

5\. Changes to this privacy policy  
Changes may be made to this policy from time to time. You will be notified of substantial changes to this policy either by through the posting of a prominent announcement on the site, and/or by a mail message sent to the e-mail address you have provided, which is stored within your user settings.

6\. NO GUARANTEES  
While this privacy policy states standards for maintenance of data, and while efforts will be made to meet the said standards, the site editor is not in a position to guarantee compliance with these standards. There may be factors beyond the site editor’s control that may result in disclosure of data. Consquently, the site editor offers no warranties or representations as regards maintenance or non-disclosure of data.

7\. Contact information  
If you have any questions about this policy or about this web site, please feel free to contact us .

Related Posts

None

  Phantasy Star Online 2

New Details Emerges

    Lili Review

Light-Hearted Adventure

    The Best iPad Office App?

Heavyweight Office Apps Compared

  Popular New App Videos

App Name: Lili Platforms: Universal Price: $4.99 Download

Visit our **APP TRAILER PAGE** For More Featured App Videos.

Subscribe

  -- Subscribe to our Reader

  
Follow @appchronicles

**App Chronicles** on Facebook

NoteWorthy Price Drops App Name: Clear Platforms: iPhone OS Price Change: $0.99, **66% OFF!** (Was $2.99) Download App Search Game Guides

Tiny Tower Walkthrough and Guide

Doodle Devil Walkthrough and Solution

Cut the Rope Walkthrough and Solution

Hoggy Walkthrough and Solution

Hungry Shark Artifact Locations

Boxed In 2 Walkthrough and Solutions

Iced In Walkthrough and Solutions

Tags alternative browsers Angry Birds App Store Chaos Rings Christmas Apps Clamcase Cut the Rope Doodle Devil Eternal Legacy free app contest free iPhone app contest Gameloft Google GPS Navigators hero of sparta Hot New Games iCloud Infinity Blade iOS 5 iOS 5 Tips and Tricks iPad 2 iPad Apps For Work iPhone 5 iPhone Calendar iPhone OS 4.0 iWork iWork Suite Review Jailbreak Keynote Location Service Massively Portable MMORPG Monopoly N.O.V.A. Numbers Order and Chaos Pages Real Racing 2 RPG Share Location Spread Sheet Star Wars Steve Jobs Word Processing Work &. Productivity

Engine Valve

wholesale wedding jewelry

Hot Forging

label printer

trocar

silicone manufacturer

hard drive duplicator

Web Design

HOLLOW WALL ANCHOR

Socket set

© 2012 App Chronicles. All Rights Reserved. This site is not associated with Apple Inc. or its partners. iPod, iPhone, and Safari are trademarks of Apple Inc./ Privacy Policy / Terms of Use

Commit message:

Update Appchronicles/Privacy Policy.html
This version was recorded after filtering snapshot 08d5ff189119f58ad3062674df781a5d500f4026
Snapshot originally obtained on 2012-10-18

Appchronicles/Privacy Policy.md, after:

    App Chronicles 

*   Facebook
*   Twitter

*   RSS Feed
*   Email Updates

*   Home
*   App Trailers
*   Apps Gone Free
    *   Editor's Picks: The Best Free Apps of the Week
    *   Free iPad Apps
    *   Free iPhone Apps
*   App Reviews
    *   iPad Reviews
    *   iPhone Reviews
*   Top Rated Apps
    *   Best iPad Apps
    *   Best iPad Productivity Apps
    *   Best iPhone Apps
*   Walkthrough

  Best Free Apps of the Day

Tubebox &. more!

  Rayman Jungle Run

Review

    New and Upcoming MMORPG's

Arcane Legends, Armed Heroes, &. More!

  Our Top Rated iPad Apps Rayman Jungle Run  
  
FIFA SOCCER 13  
  
Lili  
  
Bad Piggies  
  
Final Fantasy Dimensions  
  
Bento 4  
  
The World Ends With You: Solo Remix  
  
Bastion  
  
Granny Smith  
  
Blast-A-Way  
  
Privacy Policy Privacy and Cookies Policy

  
Introduction  
App Chronicles takes your right to privacy seriously, and wants you to feel comfortable using this web site. This privacy policy deals with personally-identifiable information (referred to as “data” below) that may be collected by this site. This policy does not apply to other entities that are not owned or controlled by the site editor, nor does it apply to persons that are not employees or agents of the site editor, or that are not under the site editor’s control.

1\. Collection of data  
Registration for an account or posting comments on this site requires only a valid e-mail address, a user name that has not been chosen already and your name. You are not required to provide any other information if you do not want to. Please be aware that your name, the user name you choose, the e-mail address you provide and any other information you enter may render you personally identifiable, and may possibly be displayed on this web site intentionally (depending on choices you make during the registration process, or depending on the way in which the site is configured) or unintentionally (subsequent to a successful act of intrusion by a third party). As on many web sites, the site editor may also automatically receive general information that is contained in server log files, such as your IP address, and cookie information. Information about how advertising may be served on this site (if it is indeed the site editor’s policy to display advertising) is set forth below.

2\. Use of data  
Data may be used to customize and improve your user experience on this site. Efforts will be made to prevent your data being made available to third parties unless (i) provided for otherwise in this Privacy Policy. (ii) your consent is obtained, such as when you choose to opt-in or opt-out for the sharing of data. (iii) a service provided on our site requires interaction with a third party, or is provided by a third party, such as an application service provider. (iv) pursuant to legal action or law enforcement. (v) it is found that your use of this site violates the site editor’s policy, terms of service, or other usage guidelines, or if it is deemed reasonably necessary by the site editor to protect the site editor’s legal rights and/or property. In the event you choose to use links displayed on this web site to visit other web sites, you are advised to read the privacy policies published on those sites.

3\. Cookies  
Like many web sites, this web site sets and uses cookies to enhance your user experience — to remember your personal settings, for instance. Advertisements may display on this web site and, if so, may set and access cookies on your computer. such cookies are subject to the privacy policy of the parties providing the advertisement. However, the parties providing the advertising do not have access to this site’s cookies. These parties usually use non-personally-identifiable or anonymous codes to obtain information about your visits to this site.

\* Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.  
\* Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet.  
\* You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

4\. Minors  
The site editor might not allow persons who are aged thirteen or younger to become members of this site.

5\. Changes to this privacy policy  
Changes may be made to this policy from time to time. You will be notified of substantial changes to this policy either by through the posting of a prominent announcement on the site, and/or by a mail message sent to the e-mail address you have provided, which is stored within your user settings.

6\. NO GUARANTEES  
While this privacy policy states standards for maintenance of data, and while efforts will be made to meet the said standards, the site editor is not in a position to guarantee compliance with these standards. There may be factors beyond the site editor’s control that may result in disclosure of data. Consquently, the site editor offers no warranties or representations as regards maintenance or non-disclosure of data.

7\. Contact information  
If you have any questions about this policy or about this web site, please feel free to contact us .

Related Posts

None

  Phantasy Star Online 2

New Details Emerges

    Lili Review

Light-Hearted Adventure

    The Best iPad Office App?

Heavyweight Office Apps Compared

  Popular New App Videos

App Name: Lili Platforms: Universal Price: $4.99 Download

Visit our **APP TRAILER PAGE** For More Featured App Videos.

Subscribe

  -- Subscribe to our Reader

  
Follow @appchronicles

**App Chronicles** on Facebook

NoteWorthy Price Drops App Name: Clear Platforms: iPhone OS Price Change: $0.99, **66% OFF!** (Was $2.99) Download App Search Game Guides

Tiny Tower Walkthrough and Guide

Doodle Devil Walkthrough and Solution

Cut the Rope Walkthrough and Solution

Hoggy Walkthrough and Solution

Hungry Shark Artifact Locations

Boxed In 2 Walkthrough and Solutions

Iced In Walkthrough and Solutions

Tags alternative browsers Angry Birds App Store Chaos Rings Christmas Apps Clamcase Cut the Rope Doodle Devil Eternal Legacy free app contest free iPhone app contest Gameloft Google GPS Navigators hero of sparta Hot New Games iCloud Infinity Blade iOS 5 iOS 5 Tips and Tricks iPad 2 iPad Apps For Work iPhone 5 iPhone Calendar iPhone OS 4.0 iWork iWork Suite Review Jailbreak Keynote Location Service Massively Portable MMORPG Monopoly N.O.V.A. Numbers Order and Chaos Pages Real Racing 2 RPG Share Location Spread Sheet Star Wars Steve Jobs Word Processing Work &. Productivity

Engine Valve

wholesale wedding jewelry

Hot Forging

label printer

trocar

silicone manufacturer

hard drive duplicator

Web Design

HOLLOW WALL ANCHOR

Socket set

© 2012 App Chronicles. All Rights Reserved. This site is not associated with Apple Inc. or its partners. iPod, iPhone, and Safari are trademarks of Apple Inc./ Privacy Policy / Terms of Use
