Mozilla/Privacy Policy.md, before:

Menu Mozilla

Download Firefox — English (US)

*   Windows 64-bit
*   Windows 32-bit
*   macOS
*   Linux 64-bit
*   Linux 32-bit
*   Android
*   iOS

Your system may not meet the requirements for Firefox, but you can try one of these versions:

Download Firefox — English (US)

*   Windows 64-bit
*   Windows 32-bit
*   macOS
*   Linux 64-bit
*   Linux 32-bit
*   Android
*   iOS

Your system doesn't meet the requirements to run Firefox.

Your system doesn't meet the requirements to run Firefox.

Please follow these instructions to install Firefox.

*   **Download Firefox**
*   **Download Firefox**
*   **Download Firefox**
*   **Download Firefox**
*   **Download Firefox**
*   **Download Firefox**
*   **Download Firefox**

Firefox Privacy Notice

*   Firefox Close Firefox menu
    
    *   Firefox Quantum Desktop Browser
        
        Get the browser that gives more power to you on Windows, Mac OS or Linux.
        
        *   Download
        *   New Features
        *   Extensions
        *   Support
        *   Privacy
    *   Firefox Mobile Browsers
        
        Take Firefox and Firefox Focus with you. For Android and iOS.
        
        *   Get Firefox
        *   Get Firefox Focus
        *   New Features
        *   Android Extensions
        *   iOS Support
        *   Android Support
    
    *   Pocket by Firefox
        
        Save content. Absorb knowledge.
        
    *   Your Firefox Account
        
        Make the most of your Firefox experience, across every device.
        
    *   Firefox for Enterprise
        
        Same speed and safety you trust, designed just for business.
        
    *   Firefox for Fire TV
        
        Watch videos and browse the internet on your Amazon Fire TV.
        
    
    <img class="mzp-c-card-image" src="https://www.mozilla.org/media/img/nav/cards/add-ons.91437385d52f.png" alt="">. Add-ons
    
    Learn how to customize the way Firefox works.
    
*   Projects Close Projects menu
    
    *   Common Voice
        
        Donate your voice to help make voice recognition open to everyone.
        
    *   Firefox Reality
        
        Experience augmented and virtual reality with Firefox.
        
    
    *   Web of Things (IoT)
        
        Make devices connected to the internet safe, secure and interoperable.
        
    *   Hubs
        
        Meet people in experimental Mixed Reality chatrooms with Firefox.
        
    
    <img class="mzp-c-card-image" src="https://www.mozilla.org/media/img/nav/cards/firefox-reality.7c9245a63776.png" alt="">. Mozilla WebVR
    
    Mozilla brings Firefox to augmented and virtual reality.
    
*   Developers Close Developers menu
    
    *   Firefox Developer Edition
        
        Firefox, built just for developers.
        
    *   Firefox Beta
        
        Test soon-to-be-released features in our most stable pre-release build.
        
    *   Firefox Nightly
        
        Preview the latest build of Firefox and help us make it the best.
        
    
    *   Developer Innovations
        
        Projects that help keep the internet open and accessible for all.
        
        *   Web Assembly
        *   Rust
        *   Gaming
        *   Mixed Reality
    *   Resources
        
        Resources for developers, by developers.
        
        *   MDN Web Docs
        *   Firefox Playground
        *   CSS Grid
        *   Developer Blog
        *   Mozilla Open Source Support (MOSS)
    
    <img class="mzp-c-card-image" src="https://www.mozilla.org/media/img/nav/cards/developer-edition.22ebe03a399c.png" alt="">. Firefox Developer Edition
    
    Build, test, scale and more with the only browser built just for developers.
    
*   About Close About menu
    
    *   Mozilla
        
        Meet the technology company that puts people before profit.
        
        *   About
        *   Leadership
        *   Mozilla Foundation
        *   Mission
        *   Press Center
        *   Contact
    *   Careers
        
        Work for a mission-driven organization that builds purpose-driven products.
        
    
    *   Get involved
        
        Join the fight for a healthy internet.
        
        *   Events
        *   Donate
    
    <img class="mzp-c-card-image" src="https://www.mozilla.org/media/img/nav/cards/manifesto.97bc84fbcdf7.png" alt="">. Mozilla Manifesto
    
    Your right to security and privacy on the internet is fundamental – never optional.
    

Websites, Communications &. Cookies Privacy Notice

September 6, 2017

We care about your privacy. When Mozilla (that's us) collects information about you, our Mozilla Privacy Policy describes how we handle that information.

This privacy notice applies to Mozilla operated websites and mobile apps, which include the domains mozillians.org, mozilla.org, firefox.com, and webmaker.org, among others. This includes, for example, bugzilla.mozilla.org, reps.mozilla.org, careers.mozilla.org, developers.mozilla.org, support.mozilla.org, addons.mozilla.org, and wiki.mozilla.org.

Things you should know

We may receive personal information from you based on your interaction with us on social media platforms. if you submit a job, intern or fellow application. if you volunteer as a Mozilla community member. if you submit user feedback or a request to us. if you sign-up for an account. or if you engage with a product or policy campaign. Learn More

*   **Social Media**: If you engage with our social media accounts, such as Twitter and Facebook, we may receive personal information about you. If you use these networks, their privacy policies apply, and you are encouraged to read them.
    
*   **Job, Intern &. Fellow Applicants**: Applicants for employment, internship or fellowship opportunities with Mozilla are required to give us a name, street address, telephone number, email address, and resume. We use this information to process and evaluate applications and to communicate with applicants about opportunities. We use a third party vendor to assist us with employment applications. For more information on our data practices with third party vendors, see our Mozilla Privacy Policy.
    
*   **Contributors**: Volunteering for Mozilla as a community contributor may require Mozilla and others to communicate with you at the email address that you provide in connection to your contribution and to recognize your efforts. If you contribute to Bugzilla, Mozilla Reps, or our code base, then your email address and possibly your name will be publicly available to all internet users. If you create a profile at Mozillians.org, it will be accessible to Mozilla employees and Mozilla contributors. You can edit your profile data at Profile Settings. We sometimes use contributor information from sources (such as Bugzilla) in dashboards to visually share aggregated data on the Mozilla community. An example is https://wiki.mozilla.org/Contribute/Dashboards. If possible, we try to minimize contact information that is publicly displayed.
    
*   **User Feedback**: You can provide feedback to us on our products and services on webpages like input.mozilla.org, through an in-product experience, or through channels such as email, Bugzilla, IRC, a social media account, our Get Involved page, or through a group like Student Ambassadors. Please minimize the personal information you choose to share on these forums because your comments may be accessible to the public.
    
*   **Accounts**: Some websites, for example Marketplace, AMO, MDN, and Webmaker, require account creation to submit developer content. submit user reviews or comments. or install certain types of apps. You may periodically receive emails in connection with your account.
    
*   **Product &. Policy Campaigns**: Some of our webpages host product or policy campaigns. For example, you can request a link by email or SMS to install Firefox on your mobile device or petition your legislators on internet issues. We use third parties to manage these campaigns and handle any data that you choose to submit.  
    

We may use cookies, clear GIFs, third party web analytics, device information, and IP addresses for functionality and to better understand user interaction with our products, services, and communications. Learn More

*   **Functionality**: We may use cookies, device information and IP addresses to enhance functionality of certain products, services, and communications. For example:
    
    *   Cookies are used to remember your Firefox language preference and Firefox add-ons. They also assist with user sign-in and authentication so you can bypass entering your passwords on certain Mozilla websites.
    *   IP addresses are used to customize communications by language and country.
    *   Device information such as country, language, operator and OEM, may be used to customize your experience on Firefox Marketplace and Webmaker.
*   **Metrics**: We may also use cookies, device information and IP addresses, along with clear GIFs, cookies and third party services to help us understand in the aggregate how users engage with our products, services, communications, websites, online campaigns, snippets, devices, and other platforms. We use:
    
    *   Google Analytics, which places a cookie on your device, to obtain metrics on how users engage with our websites. This helps us to improve site content.
    *   Optimizely and ShareProgress, which place a cookie on your device, to help us test variations of web content. This helps us offer better web experiences to users.
    *   DoubleClick and Flashtalking, each of which uses a clear GIF on our download Firefox page. This helps us measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns.
    *   Yahoo Dot Pixel, which uses JavaScript on our download Firefox page. This helps us measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns.
    *   HTTP Referral Data, which may be included with Firefox’s installer, to understand the website domain or advertising campaign that referred you to our download page. This information helps us understand the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns and improve them.
    *   Other metrics tools from time to time, on an experimental basis. For example, we may do this to help evaluate a new metrics tool, or test existing metrics collection.

You can control individual cookie preferences, indicate your cookie preferences to others, and opt-out of web analytics and optimization tools. Learn More

*   **Cookie History**: You can accept or decline individual cookies in your Firefox preferences in the Tools/Options/Privacy history section. Note that certain features of our products and services may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
    
*   **Do Not Track**: Mozilla does not track users across third party websites to provide targeted advertising. If you have configured your browser to send a “Do Not Track” signal when accessing our websites, Mozilla will not utilize any of the tools described in the Metrics section.
    
*   **Email**: Our marketing communications are optional to receive and you can unsubscribe from the footer of the email or by updating your Mozilla email preferences.
    
*   **Analytics &. Optimization**: Follow the instructions below to prevent data collection about your visits to Mozilla websites:
    
    *   Google: Install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, which keeps your visits anonymous and prohibits data transmission to Google Analytics. Some Mozilla.org pages use clear GIFs which communicate with DoubleClick to understand the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. you can control personalized ads from DoubleClick in Google's ad settings (you will be prompted to sign-into your Google Account).
    *   Optimizely: Opt-out on www.mozilla.org or visit Optimizely's opt-out website for more information.
    *   Yahoo: visit the Ad Interest Manager to opt-out.
    *   ShareProgress: You can turn on Do Not Track in your browser.
*   **Social Media**: The social sharing buttons on Mozilla websites are designed not to share data with the social media provider until you specifically click the button.
    

Some Mozilla websites allow you to make purchases (such as apps or gear) or make a donation. These transactions are processed by third parties, and not Mozilla. Learn More

*   **Payment Processing**: Mozilla does not receive any financial information, which is transmitted from you to our third party vendors for processing. The name of the third party will be displayed at the time of the transaction.
    
*   **Fraud Prevention**: Mozilla has implemented third-party technology, Google’s Invisible reCAPTCHA, that operates in the background of on some of our websites in order to identify fraudulent activity. Use of the Invisible reCAPTCHA is governed by the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
    

Back to Mozilla Privacy Policy Mozilla Mozilla

*   About
*   Blog
*   Contact Us
*   Press Center
*   Donate
*   Contribute to this site
*   Source code for this page
*   *   Twitter (@mozilla)
    *   Instagram (@mozilla)

Firefox

*   Download Firefox
*   Desktop
*   Mobile
*   Features
*   Beta, Nightly, Developer Edition
*   *   Twitter (@firefox)
    *   YouTube (firefoxchannel)

*   Privacy
*   Website Privacy Notice
*   Cookies
*   Legal

Visit Mozilla Corporation’s not-for-profit parent, the Mozilla Foundation.

Portions of this content are ©1998–2019 by individual mozilla.org contributors. Content available under a Creative Commons license.

Language Language عربيবাংলা (বাংলাদেশ)বাংলা (ভারত)ČeštinaDeutschΕλληνικάEnglishEspañol (de España)Françaisहिन्दी (भारत)HrvatskimagyarBahasa IndonesiaItaliano日本語МакедонскиPolskiPortuguês (do Brasil)RomânăРусскийСрпскиதமிழ்Go

Commit message:

Update Mozilla Privacy Policy
This version was recorded after filtering snapshot 7f90172b6c0dc5aa393228e5629b94df5c3b682a
Snapshot originally obtained on 2019-01-06

Mozilla/Privacy Policy.md, after:

Your Firefox is out-of-date.

Get the most recent version to keep browsing securely.

Update FirefoxClose Menu Mozilla

Download Firefox — English (US)

*   Windows 64-bit
*   Windows 32-bit
*   macOS
*   Linux 64-bit
*   Linux 32-bit
*   Android
*   iOS

Your system may not meet the requirements for Firefox, but you can try one of these versions:

Download Firefox — English (US)

*   Windows 64-bit
*   Windows 32-bit
*   macOS
*   Linux 64-bit
*   Linux 32-bit
*   Android
*   iOS

Your system doesn't meet the requirements to run Firefox.

Your system doesn't meet the requirements to run Firefox.

Please follow these instructions to install Firefox.

*   **Download Firefox**
*   **Download Firefox**
*   **Download Firefox**
*   **Download Firefox**
*   **Download Firefox**
*   **Download Firefox**
*   **Download Firefox**

Firefox Privacy Notice

*   Firefox Close Firefox menu
    
    *   Firefox Quantum Desktop Browser
        
        Get the browser that gives more power to you on Windows, Mac OS or Linux.
        
        *   Download
        *   New Features
        *   Extensions
        *   Support
        *   Privacy
    *   Firefox Mobile Browsers
        
        Take Firefox and Firefox Focus with you. For Android and iOS.
        
        *   Get Firefox
        *   Get Firefox Focus
        *   New Features
        *   Android Extensions
        *   iOS Support
        *   Android Support
    
    *   Pocket by Firefox
        
        Save content. Absorb knowledge.
        
    *   Your Firefox Account
        
        Make the most of your Firefox experience, across every device.
        
    *   Firefox for Enterprise
        
        Same speed and safety you trust, designed just for business.
        
    *   Firefox for Fire TV
        
        Watch videos and browse the internet on your Amazon Fire TV.
        
    
    <img class="mzp-c-card-image" src="https://www.mozilla.org/media/img/nav/cards/add-ons.91437385d52f.png" alt="">. Add-ons
    
    Learn how to customize the way Firefox works.
    
*   Projects Close Projects menu
    
    *   Common Voice
        
        Donate your voice to help make voice recognition open to everyone.
        
    *   Firefox Reality
        
        Experience augmented and virtual reality with Firefox.
        
    
    *   Web of Things (IoT)
        
        Make devices connected to the internet safe, secure and interoperable.
        
    *   Hubs
        
        Meet people in experimental Mixed Reality chatrooms with Firefox.
        
    
    <img class="mzp-c-card-image" src="https://www.mozilla.org/media/img/nav/cards/firefox-reality.7c9245a63776.png" alt="">. Mozilla WebVR
    
    Mozilla brings Firefox to augmented and virtual reality.
    
*   Developers Close Developers menu
    
    *   Firefox Developer Edition
        
        Firefox, built just for developers.
        
    *   Firefox Beta
        
        Test soon-to-be-released features in our most stable pre-release build.
        
    *   Firefox Nightly
        
        Preview the latest build of Firefox and help us make it the best.
        
    
    *   Developer Innovations
        
        Projects that help keep the internet open and accessible for all.
        
        *   Web Assembly
        *   Rust
        *   Gaming
        *   Mixed Reality
    *   Resources
        
        Resources for developers, by developers.
        
        *   MDN Web Docs
        *   Firefox Playground
        *   CSS Grid
        *   Developer Blog
        *   Mozilla Open Source Support (MOSS)
    
    <img class="mzp-c-card-image" src="https://www.mozilla.org/media/img/nav/cards/developer-edition.22ebe03a399c.png" alt="">. Firefox Developer Edition
    
    Build, test, scale and more with the only browser built just for developers.
    
*   About Close About menu
    
    *   Mozilla
        
        Meet the technology company that puts people before profit.
        
        *   About
        *   Leadership
        *   Mozilla Foundation
        *   Mission
        *   Press Center
        *   Contact
    *   Careers
        
        Work for a mission-driven organization that builds purpose-driven products.
        
    
    *   Get involved
        
        Join the fight for a healthy internet.
        
        *   Events
        *   Donate
    
    <img class="mzp-c-card-image" src="https://www.mozilla.org/media/img/nav/cards/manifesto.97bc84fbcdf7.png" alt="">. Mozilla Manifesto
    
    Your right to security and privacy on the internet is fundamental – never optional.
    

Websites, Communications &. Cookies Privacy Notice

September 6, 2017

We care about your privacy. When Mozilla (that's us) collects information about you, our Mozilla Privacy Policy describes how we handle that information.

This privacy notice applies to Mozilla operated websites and mobile apps, which include the domains mozillians.org, mozilla.org, firefox.com, and webmaker.org, among others. This includes, for example, bugzilla.mozilla.org, reps.mozilla.org, careers.mozilla.org, developers.mozilla.org, support.mozilla.org, addons.mozilla.org, and wiki.mozilla.org.

Things you should know

We may receive personal information from you based on your interaction with us on social media platforms. if you submit a job, intern or fellow application. if you volunteer as a Mozilla community member. if you submit user feedback or a request to us. if you sign-up for an account. or if you engage with a product or policy campaign. Learn More

*   **Social Media**: If you engage with our social media accounts, such as Twitter and Facebook, we may receive personal information about you. If you use these networks, their privacy policies apply, and you are encouraged to read them.
    
*   **Job, Intern &. Fellow Applicants**: Applicants for employment, internship or fellowship opportunities with Mozilla are required to give us a name, street address, telephone number, email address, and resume. We use this information to process and evaluate applications and to communicate with applicants about opportunities. We use a third party vendor to assist us with employment applications. For more information on our data practices with third party vendors, see our Mozilla Privacy Policy.
    
*   **Contributors**: Volunteering for Mozilla as a community contributor may require Mozilla and others to communicate with you at the email address that you provide in connection to your contribution and to recognize your efforts. If you contribute to Bugzilla, Mozilla Reps, or our code base, then your email address and possibly your name will be publicly available to all internet users. If you create a profile at Mozillians.org, it will be accessible to Mozilla employees and Mozilla contributors. You can edit your profile data at Profile Settings. We sometimes use contributor information from sources (such as Bugzilla) in dashboards to visually share aggregated data on the Mozilla community. An example is https://wiki.mozilla.org/Contribute/Dashboards. If possible, we try to minimize contact information that is publicly displayed.
    
*   **User Feedback**: You can provide feedback to us on our products and services on webpages like input.mozilla.org, through an in-product experience, or through channels such as email, Bugzilla, IRC, a social media account, our Get Involved page, or through a group like Student Ambassadors. Please minimize the personal information you choose to share on these forums because your comments may be accessible to the public.
    
*   **Accounts**: Some websites, for example Marketplace, AMO, MDN, and Webmaker, require account creation to submit developer content. submit user reviews or comments. or install certain types of apps. You may periodically receive emails in connection with your account.
    
*   **Product &. Policy Campaigns**: Some of our webpages host product or policy campaigns. For example, you can request a link by email or SMS to install Firefox on your mobile device or petition your legislators on internet issues. We use third parties to manage these campaigns and handle any data that you choose to submit.  
    

We may use cookies, clear GIFs, third party web analytics, device information, and IP addresses for functionality and to better understand user interaction with our products, services, and communications. Learn More

*   **Functionality**: We may use cookies, device information and IP addresses to enhance functionality of certain products, services, and communications. For example:
    
    *   Cookies are used to remember your Firefox language preference and Firefox add-ons. They also assist with user sign-in and authentication so you can bypass entering your passwords on certain Mozilla websites.
    *   IP addresses are used to customize communications by language and country.
    *   Device information such as country, language, operator and OEM, may be used to customize your experience on Firefox Marketplace and Webmaker.
*   **Metrics**: We may also use cookies, device information and IP addresses, along with clear GIFs, cookies and third party services to help us understand in the aggregate how users engage with our products, services, communications, websites, online campaigns, snippets, devices, and other platforms. We use:
    
    *   Google Analytics, which places a cookie on your device, to obtain metrics on how users engage with our websites. This helps us to improve site content.
    *   Optimizely and ShareProgress, which place a cookie on your device, to help us test variations of web content. This helps us offer better web experiences to users.
    *   DoubleClick and Flashtalking, each of which uses a clear GIF on our download Firefox page. This helps us measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns.
    *   Yahoo Dot Pixel, which uses JavaScript on our download Firefox page. This helps us measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns.
    *   HTTP Referral Data, which may be included with Firefox’s installer, to understand the website domain or advertising campaign that referred you to our download page. This information helps us understand the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns and improve them.
    *   Other metrics tools from time to time, on an experimental basis. For example, we may do this to help evaluate a new metrics tool, or test existing metrics collection.

You can control individual cookie preferences, indicate your cookie preferences to others, and opt-out of web analytics and optimization tools. Learn More

*   **Cookie History**: You can accept or decline individual cookies in your Firefox preferences in the Tools/Options/Privacy history section. Note that certain features of our products and services may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
    
*   **Do Not Track**: Mozilla does not track users across third party websites to provide targeted advertising. If you have configured your browser to send a “Do Not Track” signal when accessing our websites, Mozilla will not utilize any of the tools described in the Metrics section.
    
*   **Email**: Our marketing communications are optional to receive and you can unsubscribe from the footer of the email or by updating your Mozilla email preferences.
    
*   **Analytics &. Optimization**: Follow the instructions below to prevent data collection about your visits to Mozilla websites:
    
    *   Google: Install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, which keeps your visits anonymous and prohibits data transmission to Google Analytics. Some Mozilla.org pages use clear GIFs which communicate with DoubleClick to understand the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. you can control personalized ads from DoubleClick in Google's ad settings (you will be prompted to sign-into your Google Account).
    *   Optimizely: Opt-out on www.mozilla.org or visit Optimizely's opt-out website for more information.
    *   Yahoo: visit the Ad Interest Manager to opt-out.
    *   ShareProgress: You can turn on Do Not Track in your browser.
*   **Social Media**: The social sharing buttons on Mozilla websites are designed not to share data with the social media provider until you specifically click the button.
    

Some Mozilla websites allow you to make purchases (such as apps or gear) or make a donation. These transactions are processed by third parties, and not Mozilla. Learn More

*   **Payment Processing**: Mozilla does not receive any financial information, which is transmitted from you to our third party vendors for processing. The name of the third party will be displayed at the time of the transaction.
    
*   **Fraud Prevention**: Mozilla has implemented third-party technology, Google’s Invisible reCAPTCHA, that operates in the background of on some of our websites in order to identify fraudulent activity. Use of the Invisible reCAPTCHA is governed by the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
    

Back to Mozilla Privacy Policy Mozilla Mozilla

*   About
*   Blog
*   Contact Us
*   Press Center
*   Donate
*   Contribute to this site
*   Source code for this page
*   *   Twitter (@mozilla)
    *   Instagram (@mozilla)

Firefox

*   Download Firefox
*   Desktop
*   Mobile
*   Features
*   Beta, Nightly, Developer Edition
*   *   Twitter (@firefox)
    *   YouTube (firefoxchannel)

*   Privacy
*   Website Privacy Notice
*   Cookies
*   Legal

Visit Mozilla Corporation’s not-for-profit parent, the Mozilla Foundation.

Portions of this content are ©1998–2019 by individual mozilla.org contributors. Content available under a Creative Commons license.

Language Language عربيবাংলা (বাংলাদেশ)বাংলা (ভারত)ČeštinaDeutschΕλληνικάEnglishEspañol (de España)Françaisहिन्दी (भारत)HrvatskimagyarBahasa IndonesiaItaliano日本語МакедонскиPolskiPortuguês (do Brasil)RomânăРусскийСрпскиதமிழ்Go
