Nadaguides/Privacy Policy.md, before:

Home >. Privacy policy Privacy Policy  

P3P  
  
NADAguides.com privacy policy adheres to the P3P (Platform for Privacy Preferences) developed by the World Wide Web Consortium. P3P is designed to give Web users more control over the use of their personal information collected on web sites they visit. P3P will allow users to easily view the privacy practices of Web sites they are visiting. the user will know what personal information is being collected, for what purposes, and who else is viewing this information. P3P enhances user control by putting privacy policies where users can find them, in a form users can understand, and, most importantly, enables users to act on what they see. If you would like to read more about P3P please go to http://www.w3.org/P3P/.  
  

Cookies  
  
NADAguides.com uses "cookies" throughout our Web site. A cookie is a very small text file placed on your hard drive by a Web page server. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. It is uniquely yours and can only be read by the Web site that gave it to you. The cookies issued by the NADAguides.com Web servers store no personal information. A cookie's purpose is to tell our Web site that you returned. How a cookie helps you is it saves you time when ordering products, request information or services. A cookie helps NADAguides.com remember who you are. If you never register or leave personal information with NADAguides.com, then NADAguides.com only knows that someone with your cookie has returned to the Web site. You are in charge of deciding whether we know anything about you. But the more you tell us about yourself, the more we can help you find information or products you want. If a visitor wishes to not utilize cookie technology, this feature may be disabled within the visitor's Web browser.  
  

Opt-Out for Non-PII Collection for Network Services  
  
NADAguides.com uses third-party advertising companies and advertising networks such as Google to serve ads to the user on NADAguides.com's behalf when the user visits NADAguides.com's Web site. These companies may use information (not including the user's name, address, email address or telephone number) about the user's visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to the user. For more information about this practice and information about not having this information used by these companies, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout\_nonppii.asp.  
  

Privacy Policies  
  
NADAguides.com collects various user information depending on what area of our Web site the user is visiting. For example if a user wants to purchase a guidebook we will collect their name, mailing address, credit card information, etc. However, if the user just wants to look up a vehicle price, we collect the user's ZIP code (only for demographic purposes). No personal identifiable information is collected. Additionally, we have a voluntary customer survey which collects demographic information from the user. We have broken down our site into 6 different sections which collect various user information. and created 6 unique privacy policies which explain what information is collected within each section. Each of the 6 policies are listed below.  
  

 **General Policy**  
 **Vehicle Value Policy**  
 **Shopping Cart Policy**  
 **Optional Customer Survey**  
 **Standard Image Link Sign-Up Policy**  
 **Customer Feedback (Contact Us) Policy**  
  
You may contact us by e-mail at information@NADAguides.com. Or you can call us at 800-966-6232. Privacy Policy  

General Policy

  

Data Collection  
  
When a user comes to the "Home Page" (initial page) of NADAguides.com, without entering the shopping cart area, customer survey, vehicle valuation, etc., this is considered our "General Site" section. In this section we are collecting the **referring url**, or the address of the website visited just prior to NADAguides.com. Additionally, we are collecting the user's IP address.  
  

Cookies  
  
**Cookies** are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.  
  

Our site makes use of cookies. Cookies are used for the following purposes:  
  

*   User targeting
*   Research and development

  
  
 Return to Main Policy Privacy Policy  

Vehicle Value Policy

  

Data Collection  
  
We collect the user's ZIP Code, which is a non-specific personal identifier—we can't trace an individual user based upon this information. We collect ZIP Codes for demographic purposes only. used for market research, and to customize advertising and promotional campaigns. A user's ZIP Code is stored as a cookie on their browser, which expires after a determined period of time. Cookies are used so we won't have to ask for the user's ZIP Code each time they return to our site.  
  

Cookies  
  
**Cookies** are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.  
  

Our site makes use of cookies. Cookies are used for the following purposes:  
  

*   User targeting
*   Research and development

  
  
 Return to Main Policy Privacy Policy  

Shopping Cart Policy

  

Data Collection  
  
We collect **Physical contact information, Online contact information, Purchase information, Family Name (Last Name) and Given Name (First Name)**. This data is only collected when the user is purchasing items on our site, i.e., books or book subscriptions, for the purpose of completing the user's current transaction and research and development. This data will only be given to mailing/delivery services, for the purpose of delivering the user's order.  
  
Additionally, we gather the **user's payment** (credit card) information. this information is not shared with **any** other third party, and is only used to complete the user's purchase transaction.  
We collect **Click-stream data and HTTP protocol elements**. We collect this data for the purpose of site administration, completing the user's current activity and research and development. This data will be given to ourselves and our agents. We collect this information for the following reason:  
  

*   Our Web server collects this data for the purposes of generating accurate user page counts.

  
  

Cookies  
  
**Cookies** are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.  
  

Our site makes use of cookies. Cookies are used for the following purposes:  
  

*   User targeting
*   Research and development

  
  
 Return to Main Policy Privacy Policy  

Optional Customer Survey

  

Data Collection  
  
Demographic and Preference data is collected on our **optional** customer survey. The survey collects **age, gender, income, as well as user preferences**. User comments regarding the site as well as email address are entirely optional. There is an email opt-in/opt-out designating whether the user would like to be notified about future promotional campaigns. Email addresses will **not** be shared with any third party agency. Non-individual specific demographic information may be shared with other third parties for the purpose of marketing and research.  
  

Cookies  
  
**Cookies** are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.  
  

Our site makes use of cookies. Cookies are used for the following purposes:  
  

*   User targeting
*   Research and development

  
  
 Return to Main Policy Privacy Policy  

Standard Image Link Sign-Up Policy

  

Data Collection  
  
"Become an Affiliate" links to 4 Affiliate Program options. the first of which is called our "Standard Image Link". This affiliate program allows users to sign up as recognized affiliates and receive an email from NADAguides.com with our logo and link to our site, free of charge. We request the company's name, website address, business mailing address, a contact person, phone number, and email address. All information collected is for the purpose of establishing a business affiliation. this is a voluntary program for interested parties only. No information collected will be shared with any third party agency.  
  

 Return to Main Policy Privacy Policy  

Customer Feedback (Contact Us) Policy

  

Data Collection  
  
At the bottom of every page on the NADAguides.com website, we offer a link to "Contact Us". This gives site visitors the opportunity to submit a question or comment to the NADAguides analysts and staff. To best serve these inquiries and comments, we ask that site visitors provide their name and email address. No personal information is shared with any third party. Visitor information is collected for the purpose of responding to customer inquiries only.  
  

 Return to Main Policy

Commit message:

Update Nadaguides Privacy Policy
This version was recorded after filtering snapshot 8cd5f6530e0b464e78aef8d5148a853c1e113e18
Snapshot originally obtained on 2013-03-01

Nadaguides/Privacy Policy.md, after:

Home >. Privacy policy Privacy Policy  

P3P  
  
NADAguides.com privacy policy adheres to the P3P (Platform for Privacy Preferences) developed by the World Wide Web Consortium. P3P is designed to give Web users more control over the use of their personal information collected on web sites they visit. P3P will allow users to easily view the privacy practices of Web sites they are visiting. the user will know what personal information is being collected, for what purposes, and who else is viewing this information. P3P enhances user control by putting privacy policies where users can find them, in a form users can understand, and, most importantly, enables users to act on what they see. If you would like to read more about P3P please go to http://www.w3.org/P3P/.  
  

Cookies  
  
NADAguides.com uses "cookies" throughout our Web site. A cookie is a very small text file placed on your hard drive by a Web page server. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. It is uniquely yours and can only be read by the Web site that gave it to you. The cookies issued by the NADAguides.com Web servers store no personal information. A cookie's purpose is to tell our Web site that you returned. How a cookie helps you is it saves you time when ordering products, request information or services. A cookie helps NADAguides.com remember who you are. If you never register or leave personal information with NADAguides.com, then NADAguides.com only knows that someone with your cookie has returned to the Web site. You are in charge of deciding whether we know anything about you. But the more you tell us about yourself, the more we can help you find information or products you want. If a visitor wishes to not utilize cookie technology, this feature may be disabled within the visitor's Web browser.  
  

Opt-Out for Non-PII Collection for Network Services  
  
NADAguides.com uses third-party advertising companies and advertising networks such as Google to serve ads to the user on NADAguides.com's behalf when the user visits NADAguides.com's Web site. These companies may use information (not including the user's name, address, email address or telephone number) about the user's visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to the user. For more information about this practice and information about not having this information used by these companies, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout\_nonppii.asp.  
  
If you do not want your information to be used for marketing by NADAguides and/or a third party, do not provide the information, "opt in" or otherwise agree to such use, or "opt out," as appropriate.  
  

Security  
  
NADAguides takes commercially reasonable steps to ensure information we gather on our website is stored in a secure manner. Any credit card information you may provide us is secured for transmission over the Internet using industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. While we work hard to protect your privacy, no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable, or invulnerable to attack, including your own, and the ones used to transmit your data to us. We cannot and do not guarantee that our systems, or your information, will be secure.  
  
In the unlikely event that NADAguides, one of its business units or substantially all of its assets is acquired by another company, information on our visitors would be among the transferred assets.

  

Changes to this privacy policy  
  
NADAguides may occasionally update this privacy policy. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the top of the privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy policy and any updates.  
  

Privacy Policies  
  
NADAguides.com collects various user information depending on what area of our Website the user is visiting. For example if a user wants to purchase a guidebook we will collect their name, mailing address, credit card information, etc. However, if the user just wants to look up a vehicle price, we collect the user's ZIP code (only for demographic purposes). No personal identifiable information is collected. Additionally, we have a voluntary customer survey which collects demographic information from the user. We have broken down our site into 6 different sections which collect various user information. and created 6 unique privacy policies which explain what information is collected within each section. Each of the 6 policies are listed below.  
  

 **General Policy**  
 **Vehicle Value Policy**  
 **Shopping Cart Policy**  
 **Optional Customer Survey**  
 **Standard Image Link Sign-Up Policy**  
 **Customer Feedback (Contact Us) Policy**  
  
You may contact us by e-mail at information@NADAguides.com. Or you can call us at 800-966-6232. Privacy Policy  

General Policy

  

Data Collection  
  
When a user comes to the "Home Page" (initial page) of NADAguides.com, without entering the shopping cart area, customer survey, vehicle valuation, etc., this is considered our "General Site" section. In this section we are collecting the **referring url**, or the address of the website visited just prior to NADAguides.com. Additionally, we are collecting the user's IP address.  
  

Cookies  
  
**Cookies** are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.  
  

Our site makes use of cookies. Cookies are used for the following purposes:  
  

*   User targeting
*   Research and development

  
  
 Return to Main Policy Privacy Policy  

Vehicle Value Policy

  

Data Collection  
  
We collect the user's ZIP Code, which is a non-specific personal identifier—we can't trace an individual user based upon this information. We collect ZIP Codes for demographic purposes only. used for market research, and to customize advertising and promotional campaigns. A user's ZIP Code is stored as a cookie on their browser, which expires after a determined period of time. Cookies are used so we won't have to ask for the user's ZIP Code each time they return to our site.  
  

Cookies  
  
**Cookies** are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.  
  

Our site makes use of cookies. Cookies are used for the following purposes:  
  

*   User targeting
*   Research and development

  
  
 Return to Main Policy Privacy Policy  

Shopping Cart Policy

  

Data Collection  
  
We collect **Physical contact information, Online contact information, Purchase information, Family Name (Last Name) and Given Name (First Name)**. This data is only collected when the user is purchasing items on our site, i.e., books or book subscriptions, for the purpose of completing the user's current transaction and research and development. This data will only be given to mailing/delivery services, for the purpose of delivering the user's order.  
  
Additionally, we gather the **user's payment** (credit card) information. this information is not shared with **any** other third party, and is only used to complete the user's purchase transaction.  
We collect **Click-stream data and HTTP protocol elements**. We collect this data for the purpose of site administration, completing the user's current activity and research and development. This data will be given to ourselves and our agents. We collect this information for the following reason:  
  

*   Our Web server collects this data for the purposes of generating accurate user page counts.

  
  

Cookies  
  
**Cookies** are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.  
  

Our site makes use of cookies. Cookies are used for the following purposes:  
  

*   User targeting
*   Research and development

  
  
 Return to Main Policy Privacy Policy  

Optional Customer Survey

  

Data Collection  
  
Demographic and Preference data is collected on our **optional** customer survey. The survey collects **age, gender, income, as well as user preferences**. User comments regarding the site as well as email address are entirely optional. There is an email opt-in/opt-out designating whether the user would like to be notified about future promotional campaigns. Email addresses will **not** be shared with any third party agency. Non-individual specific demographic information may be shared with other third parties for the purpose of marketing and research.  
  

Cookies  
  
**Cookies** are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.  
  

Our site makes use of cookies. Cookies are used for the following purposes:  
  

*   User targeting
*   Research and development

  
  
 Return to Main Policy Privacy Policy  

Standard Image Link Sign-Up Policy

  

Data Collection  
  
"Become an Affiliate" links to 4 Affiliate Program options. the first of which is called our "Standard Image Link". This affiliate program allows users to sign up as recognized affiliates and receive an email from NADAguides.com with our logo and link to our site, free of charge. We request the company's name, website address, business mailing address, a contact person, phone number, and email address. All information collected is for the purpose of establishing a business affiliation. this is a voluntary program for interested parties only. No information collected will be shared with any third party agency.  
  

 Return to Main Policy Privacy Policy  

Customer Feedback (Contact Us) Policy

  

Data Collection  
  
At the bottom of every page on the NADAguides.com website, we offer a link to "Contact Us". This gives site visitors the opportunity to submit a question or comment to the NADAguides analysts and staff. To best serve these inquiries and comments, we ask that site visitors provide their name and email address. No personal information is shared with any third party. Visitor information is collected for the purpose of responding to customer inquiries only.  
  

 Return to Main Policy
