Bestbuy/Privacy Policy.md, before:

Best Buy Privacy Policy

We take your privacy seriously, and we want you to know how we collect, use, share, and protect your information. "Best Buy" means any entity that carries the Best Buy brand, and any of our subsidiaries or divisions.

Privacy Policy Highlights

We want you to read the whole policy. This highlights section provides a summary of Best Buy's privacy practices, and is not the whole policy. The highlights and full privacy policy apply to Best Buy retail stores, our Web site at www.bestbuy.com, our mobile app, and other locations where we may collect personal information.

**What We Collect**

*   We may collect personal information such as your contact, billing, and shipping information. We may also collect demographic information, such as your birthday.
*   We collect information regarding your interactions with our Web sites and mobile apps.
*   We may obtain additional personal and non-personal information from third party providers.

Read more about the information we collect ›  
  
**Uses of Information**

*   **Best Buy does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties**.
*   We use information about you to fulfill your requests, administer various programs, provide services, and for other business purposes.
*   Your personal information may be shared with current or future Best Buy entities or subsidiaries.
*   We may also use the information you provide to send you marketing communications.
*   In some circumstances, Best Buy may share your information with certain third parties to perform services on our behalf.

Read more about how we use the information we collect ›  
Read more about how we share your information › **Your Choices**

You may choose to:

*   Stop receiving e-mail, direct mail and telephone marketing communications.
*   Update and correct your personal information.

Read more about your privacy choices ›  
  
**Important Information**

*   Best Buy does not knowingly collect information online from children under 13.
*   The Best Buy Companies value our relationship with our customers and we are committed to responsible information-handling practices. Please read our entire Privacy Policy.

Read more about protecting children's privacy ›  
  
**How To Contact Us**

**Phone:**  
1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289)  
  
**Email:**  
PrivacyManager@bestbuy.com  
  
**Regular mail:**  
Best Buy Corporate Campus  
Attn: Customer Care/Privacy  
7601 Penn Avenue South  
Richfield, MN 55423-3645

Your use of any of our sites is subject to the Conditions of Use for that site.

This Policy applies to:

*   The websites owned or operated by Best Buy Co, Inc. and any of our subsidiaries or related companies, unless that site has its own privacy policy. if it does, that policy applies.
*   The Best Buy mobile app.
*   Information we collect in Best Buy stores and at other locations and events under the Best Buy name.

For simplicity, we will call the Best Buy websites and mobile app "digital properties" throughout this policy.

What we collect **Information you give us**

We collect and store information you provide through our digital properties and in our stores.

The information we collect from you includes things like:

*   Name
*   Mailing address
*   Email address
*   Phone number
*   Credit card number and other payment information
*   Your My Best Buy ID if you have one

In certain situations, we may also collect things like:

*   Driver's license number (for example, if you return a product or apply for credit)
*   Part of your Social Security number (if you use our renewal notifications services)
*   Your whole Social Security number (if you apply for credit)
*   Location information (such as when you ask us to tell you about nearby stores)
*   Demographic and lifestyle information (if you sign up for a registry or birthday list)
*   IMEI/UDID (a numeric identifier for your mobile device)
*   MAC Address (another kind of numeric identifier for your mobile device)
*   IDFA (Apple's ID For Advertising, a randomly generated number which can be cleared like cookies)
*   Your responses to surveys

**Information you give us about others**

You may give us information about other people, such as the name and address of a gift recipient, or the name and contact information of someone who will pick up items for you at a store. We will only use this information for the specific reason you provide it.

**Information from other sources**

We may receive information about you from other sources, including third parties that help us update, expand, and analyze our records and identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you.

**Information collected automatically online**

We collect information about your interactions with us, including the type of device or browser you're using, your IP address, your browsing behavior while on our website, and the URLs of the websites you were at before you visited our site (these are called "referring URLs").

Best Buy and our partners use technologies such as cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users' movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level.

Manage Flash cookies ›  
Learn more about managing cookies, Flash cookies, and more ›  
  

We may permit third party service providers to collect and process some information from our digital properties. We may share personal information with those providers and may have similar arrangements with interest-based advertisers. We provide more information about interest-based ads below.

Our digital properties are not designed to respond to "do not track" requests from browsers.

**Location information**

Some of our digital properties may collect your location to help you search for one of our stores or to use special mobile features within some of our stores. For example, Best Buy works with third parties to provide you helpful messaging in your mobile app when you come to our stores.

In order for any mobile application to identify your location, you must enable location services through your mobile device's settings. If you do not want Best Buy to collect this information or to enable these features, you can turn off location services on your mobile device. Best Buy has no control over your device's settings.

Store cameras

Our stores may use cameras for asset protection and other operational purposes, such as measuring traffic patterns and protecting and improving our business.

**Reviews and other content you provide**

Our websites offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums. Be aware that anyone who accesses these areas may read, collect, and use the information you provide.

How We Use the Information We Collect

We use the information we collect for things like:

*   Identifying you on our websites and our mobile app in order to customize your experience (for example, based on your purchase history or your location)
*   Fulfilling orders and requests for products, services, or information
*   Processing refunds, returns, and exchanges
*   Tracking and confirming online orders
*   Delivering and installing products
*   Managing our My Best Buy™ program
*   Marketing and advertising products and services
*   Conducting research and analysis
*   Processing Best Buy credit card applications

**Interest-Based Advertising**

You can opt out of interest-based advertising from third party providers who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising at www.aboutads.info/choices.

Learn more about interest-based advertising ›  
  
**Information Retention**

We may retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

How We Share Your Information

Best Buy does not sell, rent, or trade your personal information to third parties. We share your information only in the ways we describe below.

We may combine or share information among current or future Best Buy companies, including affiliates and subsidiaries.

We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as:

*   Fulfilling orders and delivering packages
*   Scheduling and performing installations
*   Servicing products
*   Maintaining our My Best Buy™ program
*   Sending Best Buy marketing communications
*   Fulfilling subscription services
*   Conducting research and analysis
*   Applying for credit cards and processing credit card payments

We may share personal information in connection with financial products or services related to our business, such as private label credit cards. For example, when you apply for a Best Buy credit card, and while you have a Best Buy credit card, we share your personal information with our banking partners that issue the card.

Sometimes we may be required to share personal information for legal reasons, for example, if we are required to do so by a regulation, court order, subpoena or other legal process. We may also share information when we believe it's necessary to comply with the law or to respond to a government request, or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect Best Buy, our customers, or others.

We may share personal information in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, dissolution, or similar event. If such an event takes place, we'll notify you through e-mail (if we have your email address) and/or a prominent notice on our applicable website(s) of any change in ownership, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.

How We Protect Your Information

We use a variety of information security measures to protect your online transactions with us.

*   We use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control and appropriately limit access to it.
*   Our digital properties use encryption technology to protect your personal information.

We are committed to protecting your information, but you can do your part. You should create a strong password and protect against unauthorized access to your password and your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer and do not share your password with anyone. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us and by using our digital properties you acknowledge that you do so at your own risk.

Your Choices

You may at any time:

*   Stop receiving marketing or promotional e-mails, direct mail, phone, and mobile marketing communications
*   Update and correct your personal information
*   Deactivate your account
*   Request removal of information you post on our digital properties. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your content or personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

To do any of these, let us know by one of these methods:

*   Follow the directions in a marketing e-mail, direct mail, or mobile communication that you receive from us
*   Provide your request and current contact information through one of the contact methods listed under "Contact Us" below.

Please note: Even if we are able to anonymize or make your content or information no longer visible, this does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of your content or personal information from the Internet.

Protecting Children's Privacy

We are committed to protecting children's privacy on the Internet and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.

Links to Other Websites

Our websites link to other websites, many of which have their own privacy policies. Be sure to review the privacy policy on the website you're visiting.

Social Media Features

Our website includes ways to interact and share using social media, through features such as the Facebook "Like" button, the "Share This" button, or interactive mini-programs that run on our website ("widgets"). These features may collect information such as your IP address or the page you are visiting on our website, and may set cookies to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features can be hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the social media company providing the feature.

TRUSTe Privacy Seal

Best Buy has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with the TRUSTe program. In order to view our relationship with TRUSTe please visit the validation page visible by clicking on the TRUSTe seal. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this website, www.BestBuy.com, and does not cover information that may be collected through our mobile applications or through downloadable software.

If you have questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at PrivacyManager@bestbuy.com. If you are not satisfied with our response, you can file a report with TRUSTe.

Contact TRUSTe for fax and postal mail information ›  
(TRUSTe's Dispute Resolution process is only available in English.)  
Read the TRUSTe Enterprise Privacy Certification Standards › Privacy Policy Updates

We may need to update our Privacy Policy as we and our customers grow and evolve. If we make material changes, we will notify you by e-mail (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of posting a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective, as well as inform you of any choices you may have with respect to these changes.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or practices please contact us.

**Phone:**  
1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289)

**E-mail:**  
PrivacyManager@bestbuy.com

**Address:**  
Best Buy Corporate Campus  
Attn: Customer Care/Privacy  
7601 Penn Avenue South  
Richfield, MN 55423-3645

Last Updated: February 19, 2016

Commit message:

Update Bestbuy/Privacy Policy.html
This version was recorded after filtering snapshot 76755560a57427bd7f1a64ace49a1c59279d8d89
Snapshot originally obtained on 2017-07-03

Bestbuy/Privacy Policy.md, after:

Best Buy Privacy Policy

We take your privacy seriously, and we want you to know how we collect, use, share, and protect your information. "Best Buy" means any entity that carries the Best Buy brand, and any of our subsidiaries or divisions.

Privacy Policy Highlights

We want you to read the whole policy. This highlights section provides a summary of Best Buy's privacy practices, and is not the whole policy. The highlights and full privacy policy apply to Best Buy retail stores, our Web site at www.bestbuy.com, our mobile app, and other locations where we may collect personal information.

**What We Collect**

*   We may collect personal information such as your contact, billing, and shipping information. We may also collect demographic information, such as your birthday.
*   We collect information regarding your interactions with our Web sites and mobile apps.
*   We may obtain additional personal and non-personal information from third party providers.

Read more about the information we collect ›  
  
**Uses of Information**

*   **Best Buy does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties**.
*   We use information about you to fulfill your requests, administer various programs, provide services, and for other business purposes.
*   Your personal information may be shared with current or future Best Buy entities or subsidiaries.
*   We may also use the information you provide to send you marketing communications.
*   In some circumstances, Best Buy may share your information with certain third parties to perform services on our behalf.

Read more about how we use the information we collect ›  
Read more about how we share your information › **Your Choices**

You may choose to:

*   Stop receiving e-mail, direct mail and telephone marketing communications.
*   Update and correct your personal information.

Read more about your privacy choices ›  
  
**Important Information**

*   Best Buy does not knowingly collect information online from children under 13.
*   The Best Buy Companies value our relationship with our customers and we are committed to responsible information-handling practices. Please read our entire Privacy Policy.

Read more about protecting children's privacy ›  
  
**How To Contact Us**

**Phone:**  
1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289)  
  
**Email:**  
PrivacyManager@bestbuy.com  
  
**Regular mail:**  
Best Buy Corporate Campus  
Attn: Customer Care/Privacy  
7601 Penn Avenue South  
Richfield, MN 55423-3645

Your use of any of our sites is subject to the Conditions of Use for that site.

This Policy applies to:

*   The websites owned or operated by Best Buy Co, Inc. and any of our subsidiaries or related companies, unless that site has its own privacy policy. if it does, that policy applies.
*   The Best Buy mobile app.
*   Information we collect in Best Buy stores and at other locations and events under the Best Buy name.

For simplicity, we will call the Best Buy websites and mobile app "digital properties" throughout this policy.

What we collect **Information you give us**

We collect and store information you provide through our digital properties and in our stores.

The information we collect from you includes things like:

*   Name
*   Mailing address
*   Email address
*   Phone number
*   Credit card number and other payment information
*   Your My Best Buy ID if you have one

In certain situations, we may also collect things like:

*   Driver's license number (for example, if you return a product or apply for credit)
*   Part of your Social Security number (if you use our renewal notifications services)
*   Your whole Social Security number (if you apply for credit)
*   Location information (such as when you ask us to tell you about nearby stores)
*   Demographic and lifestyle information (if you sign up for a registry or birthday list)
*   IMEI/UDID (a numeric identifier for your mobile device)
*   MAC Address (another kind of numeric identifier for your mobile device)
*   IDFA (Apple's ID For Advertising, a randomly generated number which can be cleared like cookies)
*   Your responses to surveys

**Information you give us about others**

You may give us information about other people, such as the name and address of a gift recipient, or the name and contact information of someone who will pick up items for you at a store. We will only use this information for the specific reason you provide it.

**Information from other sources**

We may receive information about you from other sources, including third parties that help us update, expand, and analyze our records and identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you.

**Information collected automatically online**

We collect information about your interactions with us, including the type of device or browser you're using, your IP address, your browsing behavior while on our website, and the URLs of the websites you were at before you visited our site (these are called "referring URLs").

Best Buy and our partners use technologies such as cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users' movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level.

Manage Flash cookies ›  
Learn more about managing cookies, Flash cookies, and more ›  
  

We may permit third party service providers to collect and process some information from our digital properties. We may share personal information with those providers and may have similar arrangements with interest-based advertisers. We provide more information about interest-based ads below.

Our digital properties are not designed to respond to "do not track" requests from browsers.

**Location information**

Some of our digital properties may collect your location to help you search for one of our stores or to use special mobile features within some of our stores. For example, Best Buy works with third parties to provide you helpful messaging in your mobile app when you come to our stores.

In order for any mobile application to identify your location, you must enable location services through your mobile device's settings. If you do not want Best Buy to collect this information or to enable these features, you can turn off location services on your mobile device. Best Buy has no control over your device's settings.

Store cameras

Our stores may use cameras for asset protection and other operational purposes, such as measuring traffic patterns and protecting and improving our business.

**Reviews and other content you provide**

Our websites offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums. Be aware that anyone who accesses these areas may read, collect, and use the information you provide.

How We Use the Information We Collect

We use the information we collect for things like:

*   Identifying you on our websites and our mobile app in order to customize your experience (for example, based on your purchase history or your location)
*   Fulfilling orders and requests for products, services, or information
*   Processing refunds, returns, and exchanges
*   Tracking and confirming online orders
*   Delivering and installing products
*   Managing our My Best Buy™ program
*   Marketing and advertising products and services
*   Conducting research and analysis
*   Processing Best Buy credit card applications

**Interest-Based Advertising**

You can opt out of interest-based advertising from third party providers who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising at www.aboutads.info/choices.

Learn more about interest-based advertising ›  
  
**Information Retention**

We may retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

How We Share Your Information

Best Buy does not sell, rent, or trade your personal information to third parties. We share your information only in the ways we describe below.

We may combine or share information among current or future Best Buy companies, including affiliates and subsidiaries.

We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as:

*   Fulfilling orders and delivering packages
*   Scheduling and performing installations
*   Servicing products
*   Maintaining our My Best Buy™ program
*   Sending Best Buy marketing communications
*   Fulfilling subscription services
*   Conducting research and analysis
*   Applying for credit cards and processing credit card payments

We may share personal information in connection with financial products or services related to our business, such as private label credit cards. For example, when you apply for a Best Buy credit card, and while you have a Best Buy credit card, we share your personal information with our banking partners that issue the card.

Sometimes we may be required to share personal information for legal reasons, for example, if we are required to do so by a regulation, court order, subpoena or other legal process. We may also share information when we believe it's necessary to comply with the law or to respond to a government request, or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect Best Buy, our customers, or others.

We may share personal information in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, dissolution, or similar event. If such an event takes place, we'll notify you through e-mail (if we have your email address) and/or a prominent notice on our applicable website(s) of any change in ownership, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.

How We Protect Your Information

We use a variety of information security measures to protect your online transactions with us.

*   We use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control and appropriately limit access to it.
*   Our digital properties use encryption technology to protect your personal information.

We are committed to protecting your information, but you can do your part. You should create a strong password and protect against unauthorized access to your password and your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer and do not share your password with anyone. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us and by using our digital properties you acknowledge that you do so at your own risk.

Your Choices

You may at any time:

*   Stop receiving marketing or promotional e-mails, direct mail, phone, and mobile marketing communications
*   Update and correct your personal information
*   Deactivate your account
*   Request removal of information you post on our digital properties. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your content or personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

To do any of these, let us know by one of these methods:

*   Follow the directions in a marketing e-mail, direct mail, or mobile communication that you receive from us
*   Provide your request and current contact information through one of the contact methods listed under "Contact Us" below.

Please note: Even if we are able to anonymize or make your content or information no longer visible, this does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of your content or personal information from the Internet.

Protecting Children's Privacy

We are committed to protecting children's privacy on the Internet and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.

Links to Other Websites

Our websites link to other websites, many of which have their own privacy policies. Be sure to review the privacy policy on the website you're visiting.

Social Media Features

Our website includes ways to interact and share using social media, through features such as the Facebook "Like" button, the "Share This" button, or interactive mini-programs that run on our website ("widgets"). These features may collect information such as your IP address or the page you are visiting on our website, and may set cookies to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features can be hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the social media company providing the feature.

TRUSTe Privacy Seal If you have questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at PrivacyManager@bestbuy.com. If you have an unresolved privacy or data-use concern that we have not addressed to your satisfaction, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. Privacy Policy Updates

We may need to update our Privacy Policy as we and our customers grow and evolve. If we make material changes, we will notify you by e-mail (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of posting a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective, as well as inform you of any choices you may have with respect to these changes.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or practices please contact us.

**Phone:**  
1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289)

**E-mail:**  
PrivacyManager@bestbuy.com

**Address:**  
Best Buy Corporate Campus  
Attn: Customer Care/Privacy  
7601 Penn Avenue South  
Richfield, MN 55423-3645

Last Updated: May 19, 2017
