Shopzilla/Privacy Policy.md, before:

Connexity

*   Solutions
    
    *   Paid Search &. Marketplace
    *   Managed Search Services
        *   PLAs
        *   SEM
        *   SEO
    *   CPC Marketplace Listings
        *   Connexity CPC Marketplace
    
    *   Bizrate Insights &. Ratings
    *   Consumer Insights
        *   Surveys
        *   Reporting
    *   Conversion Boosters
        *   Seller ratings
        *   Testimonials
        *   Badges &. awards
    *   Competitive Intelligence
    *   Advisory Services
    *   Subscriptions
    
    *   Programmatic
    *   Our Audiences
    *   Your Audiences
    *   Modeled Audiences
    
    *   Site Monetization
    *   CPC Product Monetization
    *   CPM Display Monetization
    *   Product Ads for Retailers
*   About
    *   About Connexity
    *   Open Positions
    *   Benefits
    *   Team
    *   Press
*   Resources
    *   Blog
    *   Case Studies
        *   Display media
        *   Insights &. ratings
        *   Paid search
    *   Articles &. White Papers

*   *   US
        *   FR
        *   DE
        *   IT
        *   UK
    *   Login
    
*   Contact

Toggle navigation blog navsite nav

*   Solutions
    *   Paid Search &. Marketplace
        *   Managed Search Services
            *   PLAs
            *   SEM
            *   SEO
        *   CPC Marketplace Listings
            *   Connexity CPC Marketplace
    *   Bizrate Insights &. Ratings
        *   Consumer Insights
            *   Surveys
            *   Reporting
        *   Conversion Boosters
            *   Seller ratings
            *   Testimonials
            *   Badges &. awards
        *   Competitive Intelligence
        *   Advisory Services
        *   Subscriptions
    *   Display Media
        *   Audience Targeting
            *   In-market
            *   Lifestyle &. life stage
            *   Custom
        *   Contextual Shopping Sites
        *   Retargeting
        *   Multi-screen
    *   Publisher Monetization
        *   CPC Product Monetisation
        *   CPM Display Monetisation
*   About
    *   About Connexity
    *   Open Positions
    *   Benefits
    *   Team
    *   Press
*   Resources
    *   Blog
    *   Case Studies
        *   Display media
        *   Insights &. ratings
        *   Paid search
    *   Articles &. White Papers

CONTACT Privacy Policy

Last modified on: June 12th 2015

Welcome to the website of Connexity, Inc. (hereinafter: “Connexity”). This policy aims to inform you as to the type, extent and purpose of the collection and use of personal data during your visit our website. If you have any questions, you can contact us at any time by email or by post. You can find our contact information in our Imprint.

The information here can be read at any time on our website, at http://connexity.com/privacy-policy/ or via the link to “Privacy Policy”.

Data Controller

The data controller for the collection, processing and use of data in connection with the use of our internet site is Connexity, Inc., 12200 West Olympic Boulevard, Suite 300, Los Angeles, CA 90064, California, USA, Tel: (310) 571-1235.

General

The use of our website does not require any prior registration and/or other provision of personal data. Whilst you are visiting our website, we collect and process information which is automatically sent to us by you (see clause 3) and/or personal data which you send to us voluntarily, in particular via our contact form (see clause 4) or when ordering our newsletter

Automatically collected data during visits to the website

When you visit our website or use our services, the device and the internet browser you are using to access the site automatically send log files to our servers. These log files contain, in particular, the name of the file accessed (internet page), the volume of data transmitted, the type and version of the browser used, the operating system (type and version), the date and time of the visit, the referrer URL (website containing the link through which you arrived at our site) as well as the IP address of the requesting computer. Once it is no longer technically required for the provision of access to the website, the IP address is only stored for statistics purposes in an abbreviated (anonymized) form.

The aforementioned, automatically transmitted data is collected and analyzed solely for the purpose of enabling a normal and optimized presentation of the information and for the purpose of statistical analysis. It is not possible for us to associate the data transmitted to the server with specific natural persons, i.e. it is not possible to identify you directly on the basis of the data transmitted automatically. However, we advise you that it is theoretically possible, with the assistance of your access provider and for a certain time, to identify the owner of the internet connection through which you access our website, on the basis of the communicated IP address. Your access provider can inform you of the length of time they store and use associated IP addresses.

Contact form

You have the possibility of communicating with us via the contact form available on our website. The use of that contact form as well as the provision of personal data on that form is, naturally, wholly voluntary. Any personal data communicated by you in that way will be used for the sole purpose of processing your enquiry, insofar as you have not expressly consented to a use beyond that purpose.

Newsletter

On our website, you have the possibility of registering to receive our Newsletter or email update, which is sent out monthly by email. This communication contains information and news on our products and services. In order to register to receive that newsletter or email, a separate declaration of consent is required, including the provision of an email address, which is stored solely for the purpose of sending the newsletter to the specified address. The consent to store and use the email address for the purpose of sending the publication may be revoked at any time by the person concerned, directly via a link at the end of every newsletter, via the Connexity website or by sending a message to Connexity.

Disclosure to third parties

Any disclosure to third parties of personal data communicated during use of our website will only occur under observance of the strict requirements of applicable national law. This would only be if you have consented to the disclosure of such data, if we are entitled to such disclosure under the statutory provisions and/or if such disclosure is required on the basis of laws, regulations, official or court orders. Disclosure to third parties for the purposes of advertising will not occur.

Links to external websites

Our website contains links to third party websites. We advise that we have no influence on whether any external website observes the relevant data protection rules. We are responsible as the provider of our own content according to the general laws. We do not accept responsibility for third party content, which is made available via links, and do not adopt their content as our own.

Access to information, rectification, blocking and erasure

You have the right to demand information from us, free of charge, as to the personal data we have stored about you, the recipients or categories of recipient to which we have disclosed that data as well as the purpose of storage. Beyond that, you have, where applicable, the right to rectification, blocking or erasure of personal data within the statutory requirements. You can find contact information in the website’s Imprint.

Home  /  Privacy Policy Overview

*   Paid Search &. Marketplace
*   Bizrate Insights
*   Display Media
*   Publisher Monetization

Resources

*   Blog
*   Case Studies
*   Insights Research
*   Bizrate Insights FAQ
*   Publisher Program FAQs

Connexity

*   Login
*   About
*   Team
*   Open Positions
*   Press

&copy 2016 Connexity, Inc. / Privacy Policy / Opt Out / Site Map

Connexity® and Audience Discovery® are registered trademarks of Connexity, Inc.

Commit message:

Update Shopzilla Privacy Policy
This version was recorded after filtering snapshot 3bf446ebed028cdad601a625352c94f5998be505
Snapshot originally obtained on 2016-01-22

Shopzilla/Privacy Policy.md, after:

Connexity

*   Solutions
    
    *   Paid Search &. Marketplace
    *   Managed Search Services
        *   PLAs
        *   SEM
        *   SEO
    *   CPC Marketplace Listings
        *   Connexity CPC Marketplace
    
    *   Bizrate Insights &. Ratings
    *   Consumer Insights
        *   Surveys
        *   Reporting
    *   Conversion Boosters
        *   Seller ratings
        *   Testimonials
        *   Badges &. awards
    *   Competitive Intelligence
    *   Advisory Services
    *   Subscriptions
    
    *   Programmatic
    *   Our Audiences
    *   Your Audiences
    *   Modeled Audiences
    
    *   Site Monetization
    *   CPC Product Monetization
    *   CPM Display Monetization
    *   Product Ads for Retailers
*   About
    *   About Connexity
    *   Open Positions
    *   Benefits
    *   Team
    *   Press
*   Resources
    *   Blog
    *   Case Studies
        *   Display media
        *   Insights &. ratings
        *   Paid search
    *   Articles &. White Papers

*   *   US
        *   FR
        *   DE
        *   IT
        *   UK
    *   Login
    
*   Contact

Toggle navigation blog navsite nav

*   Solutions
    *   Paid Search &. Marketplace
        *   Managed Search Services
            *   PLAs
            *   SEM
            *   SEO
        *   CPC Marketplace Listings
            *   Connexity CPC Marketplace
    *   Bizrate Insights &. Ratings
        *   Consumer Insights
            *   Surveys
            *   Reporting
        *   Conversion Boosters
            *   Seller ratings
            *   Testimonials
            *   Badges &. awards
        *   Competitive Intelligence
        *   Advisory Services
        *   Subscriptions
    *   Display Media
        *   Audience Targeting
            *   In-market
            *   Lifestyle &. life stage
            *   Custom
        *   Contextual Shopping Sites
        *   Retargeting
        *   Multi-screen
    *   Publisher Monetization
        *   CPC Product Monetisation
        *   CPM Display Monetisation
*   About
    *   About Connexity
    *   Open Positions
    *   Benefits
    *   Team
    *   Press
*   Resources
    *   Blog
    *   Case Studies
        *   Display media
        *   Insights &. ratings
        *   Paid search
    *   Articles &. White Papers

CONTACT Privacy Policy

Last modified on: January 21st 2016

Welcome to the website of Connexity, Inc. (hereinafter: “Connexity”). This policy aims to inform you as to the type, extent and purpose of the collection and use of personal data during your visit our website. If you have any questions, you can contact us at any time by email or by post. You can find our contact information in our Imprint.

The information here can be read at any time on our website, at http://connexity.com/privacy-policy/ or via the link to “Privacy Policy”.

Data Controller

The data controller for the collection, processing and use of data in connection with the use of our internet site is Connexity, Inc., 12200 West Olympic Boulevard, Suite 300, Los Angeles, CA 90064, California, USA, Tel: (310) 571-1235.

General

The use of our website does not require any prior registration and/or other provision of personal data. Whilst you are visiting our website, we collect and process information which is automatically sent to us by you (see clause 3) and/or personal data which you send to us voluntarily, in particular via our contact form (see clause 4) or when ordering our newsletter

Automatically collected data during visits to the website

When you visit our website or use our services, the device and the internet browser you are using to access the site automatically send log files to our servers. These log files contain, in particular, the name of the file accessed (internet page), the volume of data transmitted, the type and version of the browser used, the operating system (type and version), the date and time of the visit, the referrer URL (website containing the link through which you arrived at our site) as well as the IP address of the requesting computer. Once it is no longer technically required for the provision of access to the website, the IP address is only stored for statistics purposes in an abbreviated (anonymized) form.

The aforementioned, automatically transmitted data is collected and analyzed solely for the purpose of enabling a normal and optimized presentation of the information and for the purpose of statistical analysis. It is not possible for us to associate the data transmitted to the server with specific natural persons, i.e. it is not possible to identify you directly on the basis of the data transmitted automatically. However, we advise you that it is theoretically possible, with the assistance of your access provider and for a certain time, to identify the owner of the internet connection through which you access our website, on the basis of the communicated IP address. Your access provider can inform you of the length of time they store and use associated IP addresses.

Contact form

You have the possibility of communicating with us via the contact form available on our website. The use of that contact form as well as the provision of personal data on that form is, naturally, wholly voluntary. Any personal data communicated by you in that way will be used for the sole purpose of processing your enquiry, insofar as you have not expressly consented to a use beyond that purpose.

Newsletter

On our website, you have the possibility of registering to receive our Newsletter or email update, which is sent out monthly by email. This communication contains information and news on our products and services. In order to register to receive that newsletter or email, a separate declaration of consent is required, including the provision of an email address, which is stored solely for the purpose of sending the newsletter to the specified address. The consent to store and use the email address for the purpose of sending the publication may be revoked at any time by the person concerned, directly via a link at the end of every newsletter, via the Connexity website or by sending a message to Connexity.

Disclosure to third parties

Any disclosure to third parties of personal data communicated during use of our website will only occur under observance of the strict requirements of applicable national law. This would only be if you have consented to the disclosure of such data, if we are entitled to such disclosure under the statutory provisions and/or if such disclosure is required on the basis of laws, regulations, official or court orders. Disclosure to third parties for the purposes of advertising will not occur.

Links to external websites

Our website contains links to third party websites. We advise that we have no influence on whether any external website observes the relevant data protection rules. We are responsible as the provider of our own content according to the general laws. We do not accept responsibility for third party content, which is made available via links, and do not adopt their content as our own.

Access to information, rectification, blocking and erasure

You have the right to demand information from us, free of charge, as to the personal data we have stored about you, the recipients or categories of recipient to which we have disclosed that data as well as the purpose of storage. Beyond that, you have, where applicable, the right to rectification, blocking or erasure of personal data within the statutory requirements. You can find contact information in the website’s Imprint.

Connexity shopping data use in Online Behavioral Advertising (“OBA”)

Connexity believes that relevant advertising is a good thing for consumers, and so we leverage shopping and other data we know about consumer to help power more relevant advertising across the Internet. Our OBA is cookie based and does not collect or use any personally identifiable information. We do collect and share behavioral data (such as what products you viewed, what categories you browsed, or what stores and brands you visited). This information can power both advertising on our own platform as well as advertising on other third party platforms. If you want to learn about ways to opt out of OBA, please visit our opt out page.

Home  /  Privacy Policy Overview

*   Paid Search &. Marketplace
*   Bizrate Insights
*   Display Media
*   Publisher Monetization

Resources

*   Blog
*   Case Studies
*   Insights Research
*   Bizrate Insights FAQ
*   Publisher Program FAQs

Connexity

*   Login
*   About
*   Team
*   Open Positions
*   Press

&copy 2016 Connexity, Inc. / Privacy Policy / Opt Out / Site Map

Connexity® and Audience Discovery® are registered trademarks of Connexity, Inc.
