Oath/Vulnerability Disclosure Policy.md, before:

Security

Protecting our systems and our users’ information is paramount to ensuring Oath brands, websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (“Services”) users enjoy a secure experience and maintaining our users’ trust. We have taken the following measures to protect your information:

*   Transport Layer Security (TLS)  
    We use TLS encryption when transmitting certain kinds of information, such as financial services information or payment information. An icon resembling a padlock is displayed in most browsers during TLS sessions.
*   Second Sign-in Verification  
    For some Oath Services, you may turn on a setting that requires a second piece of information such as a code sent via SMS - in addition to your password - when signing in to your account from a device or location we don’t recognize. Learn more about second sign-in verification.
*   On-Demand Passwords  
    Oath also offers on-demand passwords. By linking your mobile device or mobile number to your account, you enable Oath to provide you with an on-demand password sent to your mobile phone, so you don't have to remember passwords anymore. Learn more about on-demand passwords.
*   Vendors and Partners  
    To help protect the security and privacy of your information, we may provide information to partners and vendors who work on our behalf or with us under confidentiality agreements.
*   Education and Training  
    We have implemented a company-wide education and training program about security for Oath employees.

Please note that no data transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We continue to evaluate and implement enhancements in security technology and practices.

**Security Takes Teamwork**

You also need to take your security seriously. Please visit our Safety Center for tools and tips about ways to remain vigilant and steps you can take on your own to help protect your information and reduce the risks of unauthorized access.

**How to Report Security Incidents**

Information about reporting security incidents is found in our Safety Center.

Commit message:

Update Oath Vulnerability Disclosure Policy
This version was recorded after filtering snapshot 240ecd5945f6fb6066215553e9a9758555e35843
Snapshot originally obtained on 2019-10-02

Oath/Vulnerability Disclosure Policy.md, after:

Security

Protecting our systems and our users’ information is paramount to ensuring Verizon Media brands, websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (“Services”) users enjoy a secure experience and maintaining our users’ trust. We have taken the following measures to protect your information:

*   Transport Layer Security (TLS)  
    We use TLS encryption when transmitting certain kinds of information, such as financial services information or payment information. An icon resembling a padlock is displayed in most browsers during TLS sessions.
*   Second Sign-in Verification  
    For some Verizon Media Services, you may turn on a setting that requires a second piece of information such as a code sent via SMS - in addition to your password - when signing in to your account from a device or location we don’t recognize. Learn more about second sign-in verification.
*   On-Demand Passwords  
    Verizon Media also offers on-demand passwords. By linking your mobile device or mobile number to your account, you enable Verizon Media to provide you with an on-demand password sent to your mobile phone, so you don't have to remember passwords anymore. Learn more about on-demand passwords.
*   Vendors and Partners  
    To help protect the security and privacy of your information, we may provide information to partners and vendors who work on our behalf or with us under confidentiality agreements.
*   Education and Training  
    We have implemented a company-wide education and training program about security for Verizon Media employees.

Please note that no data transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We continue to evaluate and implement enhancements in security technology and practices.

**Security Takes Teamwork**

You also need to take your security seriously. Please visit our Safety Center for tools and tips about ways to remain vigilant and steps you can take on your own to help protect your information and reduce the risks of unauthorized access.

**How to Report Security Incidents**

Information about reporting security incidents is found in our Safety Center.
