Blackboard/Privacy Policy.md, before:

Privacy Overview

Privacy is important to Blackboard and the teachers, learners and educational institutions that we serve. Blackboard is committed to following both legal obligations and best practices with regard to the collection, protection, use and storage of private information. We also support the privacy policies of your educational institution.

Privacy: Your Institution, Blackboard and You

Blackboard provides products run by your educational institution at a non-Blackboard site. Blackboard products also connect with managed service offerings that are run from within Blackboard datacenters located around the world. For products installed at non-Blackboard sites, Blackboard recommends that you consult with your educational institution's privacy policies. Blackboard provides a number of configuration options to allow your local institution to implement its privacy guidelines within our products.  
  
Use of managed service offerings may result in collection of private information by Blackboard. We work to protect the confidentiality of this information and will detail the types of information we collect on the pages linked below. By using Blackboard Managed Services you consent to the privacy policy linked below.

Privacy Policy for Blackboard Managed Services  
The above link contains detailed information about our privacy policies related to all software and service offerings managed from Blackboard datacenters.

Cookies and Related Technologies Installed on End User Terminal Devices

The European Union has enacted privacy laws and regulations which seek to better inform users about the use of cookies and other related technologies that are installed on end user devices. These technologies may be used for supporting application functionality such as secure login or storing user preferences, improving application performance and tracking usage. PLEASE CONSULT COUNSEL OF YOUR CHOICE TO LEARN MORE ABOUT THESE REGULATIONS.

To help with compliance with this regulation, Blackboard has provided the following summaries about the use of cookies within Blackboard Products and Services.

Cookies and Privacy Information for Blackboard Learn  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Xythos Filer  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Xythos Drive  
Cookies and Privacy Information for SafeAssign  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Blackboard Drive  
Cookies and Privacy Information for ANGEL LMS  
Cookies and Privacy Information for CE Vista  
Cookies and Privacy Information for CourseSites  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Collaborate - LTI for Voice/Classroom  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Collaborate - Plan  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Collaborate - Publish  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Collaborate - Voice Authoring  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Collaborate - Web Conferencing  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Collaborate - Wimba Classroom  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Mobile Central  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Mobile Learn  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Mobile Portal  
 

Support for SSL Encryption

Any institution may choose to run its Blackboard Learn solution under SSL. SSL is a browser technology that encrypts the data transmitted between your computer and the Blackboard server. SSL websites have an address that begins with https:// instead of http:// (note the additional s). Blackboard strongly encourages all schools to run under SSL to ensure data privacy of transmitted data and to secure the transmission of login and password information.

European Union and Switzerland Data Protection

Blackboard complies with the U.S.&—EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.—Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. More information about Safe Harbor

Blackboard Social

The Blackboard Social functionality includes the ability of its users to determine appropriate privacy settings for users' data, subject to limitations imposed by the users' applicable institutions. All users of the social media functionality are solely responsible for monitoring and updating their privacy settings on a regular basis, in order to help protect the privacy of the users' data in accordance with the users' preferences.

Privacy Contacts

If you have specific questions or concerns regarding these policies please contact:

Barbara Lee  
Blackboard Inc.  
650 Massachusetts Avenue NW  
6th Floor  
Washington, DC 20001-3796  
Phone: 202-463-4860

Commit message:

Update Blackboard/Privacy Policy.html
This version was recorded after filtering snapshot e527fb16f87e3c70990fd549f5515d53033644a7
Snapshot originally obtained on 2013-08-06

Blackboard/Privacy Policy.md, after:

Privacy Overview

Privacy is important to Blackboard and the teachers, learners and educational institutions that we serve. Blackboard is committed to following both legal obligations and best practices with regard to the collection, protection, use and storage of private information. We also support the privacy policies of your educational institution.

Privacy: Your Institution, Blackboard and You

Blackboard provides products run by your educational institution at a non-Blackboard site. Blackboard products also connect with managed service offerings that are run from within Blackboard datacenters located around the world. For products installed at non-Blackboard sites, Blackboard recommends that you consult with your educational institution's privacy policies. Blackboard provides a number of configuration options to allow your local institution to implement its privacy guidelines within our products.  
  
Use of managed service offerings may result in collection of private information by Blackboard. We work to protect the confidentiality of this information and will detail the types of information we collect on the pages linked below. By using Blackboard Managed Services you consent to the privacy policy linked below.

Privacy Policy for Blackboard Managed Services  
The above link contains detailed information about our privacy policies related to all software and service offerings managed from Blackboard datacenters.

Cookies and Related Technologies Installed on End User Terminal Devices

The European Union has enacted privacy laws and regulations which seek to better inform users about the use of cookies and other related technologies that are installed on end user devices. These technologies may be used for supporting application functionality such as secure login or storing user preferences, improving application performance and tracking usage. PLEASE CONSULT COUNSEL OF YOUR CHOICE TO LEARN MORE ABOUT THESE REGULATIONS.

To help with compliance with this regulation, Blackboard has provided the following summaries about the use of cookies within Blackboard Products and Services.

Cookies and Privacy Information for Blackboard Learn  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Blackboard xpLor  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Xythos Filer  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Xythos Drive  
Cookies and Privacy Information for SafeAssign  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Blackboard Drive  
Cookies and Privacy Information for ANGEL LMS  
Cookies and Privacy Information for CE Vista  
Cookies and Privacy Information for CourseSites  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Collaborate - LTI for Voice/Classroom  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Collaborate - Plan  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Collaborate - Publish  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Collaborate - Voice Authoring  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Collaborate - Web Conferencing  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Collaborate - Wimba Classroom  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Mobile Central  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Mobile Learn  
Cookies and Privacy Information for Mobile Portal  

Support for SSL Encryption

Any institution may choose to run its Blackboard Learn solution under SSL. SSL is a browser technology that encrypts the data transmitted between your computer and the Blackboard server. SSL websites have an address that begins with https:// instead of http:// (note the additional s). Blackboard strongly encourages all schools to run under SSL to ensure data privacy of transmitted data and to secure the transmission of login and password information.

European Union and Switzerland Data Protection

Blackboard complies with the U.S.&—EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.—Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. More information about Safe Harbor

Blackboard Social

The Blackboard Social functionality includes the ability of its users to determine appropriate privacy settings for users' data, subject to limitations imposed by the users' applicable institutions. All users of the social media functionality are solely responsible for monitoring and updating their privacy settings on a regular basis, in order to help protect the privacy of the users' data in accordance with the users' preferences.

Privacy Contacts

If you have specific questions or concerns regarding these policies please contact:

Barbara Lee  
Blackboard Inc.  
650 Massachusetts Avenue NW  
6th Floor  
Washington, DC 20001-3796  
Phone: 202-463-4860
