Bigfishgames/Privacy Policy.md, before:

Big Fish Games, Inc. Privacy Policy

Last modified: February 10th, 2016

We at Big Fish have created this Privacy Policy to describe how information is collected, used, and disclosed when you visit or use a Big Fish Offering. **By accessing and/or using this Big Fish website or any Big Fish Offering, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.**

The term **"Big Fish"** means Big Fish Games, Inc. and/or its Affiliates. The term **"Affiliate"** means, with respect to any party, any person or entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such party. The term **"Big Fish Offering"** means the websites of Big Fish, including www.bigfishgames.com, www.selfawaregames.com, any other sites on which this Privacy Policy is posted, and any other Big Fish application, service or product licensed, downloaded or otherwise accessed by you through third party sites or sources, including the products and services available through any of the foregoing.

INFORMATION THAT WE MAY COLLECT Personally Identifiable Information:

We may collect the following information when you sign up with a Big Fish Offering: first name, last name, date of birth, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit or debit card information or other payment details, depending on your form of payment.

Technical Information:

When a user accesses a Big Fish Offering, we may collect technical information about the user’s device, such as the IP address that requested the display of the Big Fish Offering, the operating system type, and the identifiers associated with the device.

Sign Up and Survey information:

Any information you provide to us, and any information you choose to share about yourself as part of your use of any Big Fish Offering, may be stored as entered.

Cookies and Web beacons:

Cookies are text files that we and our service providers may place on your device's browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your shopping cart between visits, personalized Big Fish advertisements on third party websites and mobile applications, and personalized third party advertisements within certain Big Fish Offerings. We may use Adobe Flash cookies to remember your settings, preferences and usage within a Big Fish Offering. Web beacons, clear .gifs or similar technologies are small pieces of code that we and our service providers may place on a Big Fish Offering to monitor and collect data about visitor behavior within the Big Fish Offering.

Cookies and Web beacons:

We may receive a confirmation when you open email from Big Fish, if your computer supports such capabilities. We may also track other types of information, such as what games users download and install, any download errors, what games users purchase, how long our users have been participating in any Big Fish Offerings, the last time a user accessed a Big Fish Offering, user behavior and gameplay, whether a user has won any of our games, sweepstakes, contests or other promotions featured on a Big Fish Offering, ad response measurement and other Big Fish Offerings analytics.

Social Networking Sites:

If you access a Big Fish Offering via a third party social networking site (a "**Social Game**"), Big Fish may receive information about your social networking site profile, including without limitation the information you make publicly available, your social networking site user ID, your first, last and user names, profile and cover photos. If you invite new members into your Social Games network or send messages through Social Games, we may collect the information associated with those messages, including your friends' social networking site user IDs, email addresses and content.

Mobile:

When you download or access Big Fish Offerings via a mobile device, we and our service providers may receive information about your location (based on your IP address) and your mobile device, including various unique identifiers associated with your device, hardware type, the version of your operating system and your in-game activity. We and our service providers may use this information to provide you with personalized advertising and other content, including advertising and content based on your location.

Aggregated, Anonymous Information:

We may collect aggregated, anonymized information via Big Fish Offerings that does not identify any single user or device. If you choose to provide a username within a Big Fish Offering, please do not provide as your username any information that identifies you in real life, such as your real name.

USE AND SECURITY OF COLLECTED INFORMATION

We may use your username, email address, and password to uniquely identify you as a user on a Big Fish Offering, to provide you with services and to process transactions. We may use or display your username and icon or profile photo, if applicable, for the purposes of rankings, competitions or sweepstakes, chat identification, and/or game high scores. We may use your date of birth to confirm your eligibility to participate in Big Fish Offerings.

Subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy, we may use your contact information to process our promotional newsletters and/or email campaigns and to send you updates, security alerts, or administrative messages relating to Big Fish Offerings. Your contact information will allow us to notify you about new features, enhancements, resolution of Big Fish Offerings problems, handle and/or route your customer support questions and issues, and inform you of upgrade opportunities, sweepstakes, contests, prizes, and/or special events.

If our "Tell a friend" feature is available within a particular Big Fish Offering and you choose to participate in it, your email will be shared with the person to whom you send the Big Fish Offering using this feature. We may use an IP address to surface the appropriate country-based version of a Big Fish Offering to a user, or to exercise our ability to restrict access to the site by users who have violated our Terms of Use.

We and our third party service providers use cookies and other technologies, such as mobile device identifiers, to enhance your experience with Big Fish Offerings. These technologies enable us and our service providers to run our affiliate programs and provide you with customized content or offerings, such as personalized Big Fish advertisements on other websites and mobile applications and personalized third party advertisements within certain Big Fish Offerings. Cookies also enable you to automatically sign in when you access a Big Fish Offering, and offer other operational activities within a Big Fish Offering. We and our third party service providers may also use cookies and other technologies to manage and measure the performance of third party advertisements within certain Big Fish Offerings, and Big Fish advertisements on third party sites and mobile applications. This helps us and our service providers provide more relevant advertising to you. We and our third party service providers may also use web beacons to monitor user behavior and collect information about visitors viewing a web page.

We may use information collected to calculate aggregate, anonymized statistics about our user community for the purpose of enhancing our Big Fish Offerings, or for security purposes.

If you access a Social Game, we may use your social networking site profile ID to link your social networking site account with your activities within the Social Game or offer personalized Big Fish advertisements on the social networking site. We may use your social networking site first, last and user names and icon to identify you to the social networking site account you've linked to your activities within the Social Game, as well as for the purposes of rankings, competitions, sweepstakes, game high scores and/or identification to your social network.

If you access a Social Game and provide us with another person's contact information for purposes of delivering information through a Social Game, we may use this information to contact and, if necessary, remind that person that she or he has been invited to join a Social Game or received content through a Social Game. All invitees are provided with the option not to receive further invitations from Big Fish.

We at Big Fish take reasonable measures to help protect the information we collect from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.

SHARING INFORMATION

We may share customer information with Big Fish Affiliates, and as described below.

Third Party Marketplaces and Service Providers:

We may disclose your personal information as well as aggregate, anonymous information to third party business partners, marketplaces, and third parties who perform services for us, such as credit card processing, prize fulfillment, delivering packages, sending postal mail, collecting and analyzing data, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), and providing advertising and marketing assistance, including serving ads on our behalf on third party websites and mobile applications and serving ads on behalf of third parties within certain Big Fish Offerings. Those third parties have access to your information only as necessary to perform their functions, and for no other purposes.

Business Transfers:

As Big Fish continues to grow, we might sell or buy certain subsidiaries and/or business units. In such transactions, customer information is generally one of the transferred assets. Also, in the unlikely event that Big Fish or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information would in most cases be one of the transferred assets.

Protection of Big Fish and Others:

We may also disclose your information if there is a violation of the Terms of Use or other agreements. if we have a good faith belief that the law requires it. or if needed to protect the rights, property or safety of Big Fish, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with entities for fraud detection and protection, and credit risk reduction.

YOUR CHOICES Promotional email communications:

When you create a customer account or provide access to your email address via a Big Fish Offering, you may be automatically registered to receive one or more of our promotional e- newsletters. Note that when you provide an email address through a Big Fish Offering, we treat that as a request to be enrolled in one of our promotional e-newsletter lists, even if you previously opted out of receiving newsletters from us, but if you change your mind and wish to opt out again, you may do so at any time by clicking the "**unsubscribe**" link at the bottom of any newsletter and then following the instructions provided. If you express interest in a Big Fish Offering by clicking on a banner within a newsletter, you may be automatically registered to receive newsletters relating to the Big Fish Offering that appeared in the banner.

At any time, you may opt-out of receiving a newsletter by selecting the "**unsubscribe**" link at the bottom of any newsletter. We treat each Big Fish Offering individually, so if you are receiving mailings from more than one Big Fish Offering, if you want to unsubscribe you must do so with respect to each individually. You may also contact us at http://www.bigfishgames.com/help. Please note that we reserve the right to send you non-promotional, account or administrative emails even if you opt out of receiving promotional e-newsletters.

Cookies, Online Advertising and Analytics:

Please refer to your browser settings and help section to learn about blocking, erasing or being notified of cookies. You can manage your Flash cookies by using Adobe's Flash management here. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Big Fish Offerings' essential features, we recommend that you leave cookies turned on. For example, you may not be able make purchases on Big Fish Offerings without having cookies turned on. To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from many ad networks, data exchanges, marketing analytics and other services providers, please visit aboutads.info.

Mobile Advertising:

Most mobile devices provide the ability to opt out of the collection and use of information from the apps you use for purposes of serving ads targeted to your interests. For more information, and to exercise these choices, consult the settings on your device.

Social Games:

With respect to Social Games, you may manage your own social network privacy preferences through your social networking site account.

THIRD-PARTIES

Big Fish Offerings may allow you to play or share information through social media (such as by logging in through a social media account or using a "Like" button") or contain links to social media services or other third parties. The use of these features and links are subject to the privacy policies of those companies and your settings on those services. Big Fish has no control over, and is not responsible for, the information submitted to or collected by social networks or other third parties. We encourage you to review those third party privacy policies to understand the way your information may be collected and handled by such third parties.

CHAT &. MESSAGING

Big Fish Offerings may operate message boards and/or chat areas where users can exchange ideas and communicate with each other. When posting to a message board or chat area, the information is being made publicly available in an online environment. Any information posted is the sole responsibility of the individual user.

CHILDREN

Big Fish Offerings are designed to avoid the collection and use of "personal information" as defined in the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") from children under 13 other than for support of internal operations. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you are under 13, you may not register for an account or otherwise provide any personal information to us.

Big Fish respects the privacy of parents and children and is committed to complying with COPPA . If a parent believes that his or her child has submitted personal information to Big Fish, he or she can contact us via email at privacy@bigfishgames.com or postal mail at: Big Fish Privacy Policy Department, 333 Elliott Avenue West, Suite 200, Seattle, WA 98119 USA. We will take steps to promptly delete the information upon learning that it relates to a child under the age of 13. We recognize the importance of safeguarding the privacy of children and encourage parents to check and monitor their children's use of online activities regularly.

SAFE HARBOR PROGRAM

We may transfer, store and/or process personal information in the U.S. or in other countries. Big Fish complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. For more information about the Safe Harbor program and to view our certification, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Website. To contact Big Fish directly about the Safe Harbor program, please email us at safeharbor@bigfishgames.com. Please note that if you are located in the E.U., Switzerland or other region with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, you are transferring information to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.

AGREEMENT WITH BIG FISH POLICIES

By accessing and/or using any of the Big Fish Offerings, you signify your understanding of and agreement with this Privacy Policy, and to our Terms of Use. If you do not agree with our policies, please do not access or use any Big Fish Offerings.

CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY

We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the "last modified" date at the top of this page. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how Big Fish protects your information.

Commit message:

Update Bigfishgames/Privacy Policy.html
This version was recorded after filtering snapshot 4d3000b116997049164ceedb789f0c51da05c281
Snapshot originally obtained on 2016-09-30

Bigfishgames/Privacy Policy.md, after:

Big Fish Games, Inc. Privacy Policy

Last modified: September 29, 2016

We at Big Fish have created this Privacy Policy to describe how information is collected, used, and disclosed when you visit or use a Big Fish Offering. **By accessing and/or using this Big Fish website or any Big Fish Offering, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.**

The term **"Big Fish"** means Big Fish Games, Inc. and/or its Affiliates. The term **"Affiliate"** means, with respect to any party, any person or entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such party. The term **"Big Fish Offering"** means the websites of Big Fish, including www.bigfishgames.com, www.selfawaregames.com, any other sites on which this Privacy Policy is posted, and any other Big Fish application, service or product licensed, downloaded or otherwise accessed by you through third party sites or sources, including the products and services available through any of the foregoing.

INFORMATION THAT WE MAY COLLECT Personally Identifiable Information:

We may collect the following information when you sign up with a Big Fish Offering: first name, last name, date of birth, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit or debit card information or other payment details, depending on your form of payment.

Technical Information:

When a user accesses a Big Fish Offering, we may collect technical information about the user’s device, such as the IP address that requested the display of the Big Fish Offering, the operating system type, and the identifiers associated with the device.

Sign Up and Survey information:

Any information you provide to us, and any information you choose to share about yourself as part of your use of any Big Fish Offering, may be stored as entered.

Cookies and Web beacons:

Cookies are text files that we and our service providers may place on your device's browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your shopping cart between visits, personalized Big Fish advertisements on third party websites and mobile applications, and personalized third party advertisements within certain Big Fish Offerings. We may use Adobe Flash cookies to remember your settings, preferences and usage within a Big Fish Offering. Web beacons, clear .gifs or similar technologies are small pieces of code that we and our service providers may place on a Big Fish Offering to monitor and collect data about visitor behavior within the Big Fish Offering.

Cookies and Web beacons:

We may receive a confirmation when you open email from Big Fish, if your computer supports such capabilities. We may also track other types of information, such as what games users download and install, any download errors, what games users purchase, how long our users have been participating in any Big Fish Offerings, the last time a user accessed a Big Fish Offering, user behavior and gameplay, whether a user has won any of our games, sweepstakes, contests or other promotions featured on a Big Fish Offering, ad response measurement and other Big Fish Offerings analytics.

Social Networking Sites:

If you access a Big Fish Offering via a third party social networking site (a "**Social Game**"), Big Fish may receive information about your social networking site profile, including without limitation the information you make publicly available, your social networking site user ID, your first, last and user names, profile and cover photos. If you invite new members into your Social Games network or send messages through Social Games, we may collect the information associated with those messages, including your friends' social networking site user IDs, email addresses and content.

Mobile:

When you download or access Big Fish Offerings via a mobile device, we and our service providers may receive information about your location (based on your IP address) and your mobile device, including various unique identifiers associated with your device, hardware type, the version of your operating system and your in-game activity. We and our service providers may use this information to provide you with personalized advertising and other content, including advertising and content based on your location.

Aggregated, Anonymous Information:

We may collect aggregated, anonymized information via Big Fish Offerings that does not identify any single user or device. If you choose to provide a username within a Big Fish Offering, please do not provide as your username any information that identifies you in real life, such as your real name.

USE AND SECURITY OF COLLECTED INFORMATION

We may use your username, email address, and password to uniquely identify you as a user on a Big Fish Offering, to provide you with services and to process transactions. We may use or display your username and icon or profile photo, if applicable, for the purposes of rankings, competitions or sweepstakes, chat identification, and/or game high scores. We may use your date of birth to confirm your eligibility to participate in Big Fish Offerings.

Subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy, we may use your contact information to process our promotional newsletters and/or email campaigns and to send you updates, security alerts, or administrative messages relating to Big Fish Offerings. Your contact information will allow us to notify you about new features, enhancements, resolution of Big Fish Offerings problems, handle and/or route your customer support questions and issues, and inform you of upgrade opportunities, sweepstakes, contests, prizes, and/or special events.

If our "Tell a friend" feature is available within a particular Big Fish Offering and you choose to participate in it, your email will be shared with the person to whom you send the Big Fish Offering using this feature. We may use an IP address to surface the appropriate country-based version of a Big Fish Offering to a user, or to exercise our ability to restrict access to the site by users who have violated our Terms of Use.

We and our third party service providers use cookies and other technologies, such as mobile device identifiers, to enhance your experience with Big Fish Offerings. These technologies enable us and our service providers to run our affiliate programs and provide you with customized content or offerings, such as personalized Big Fish advertisements on other websites and mobile applications and personalized third party advertisements within certain Big Fish Offerings. Cookies also enable you to automatically sign in when you access a Big Fish Offering, and offer other operational activities within a Big Fish Offering. We and our third party service providers may also use cookies and other technologies to manage and measure the performance of third party advertisements within certain Big Fish Offerings, and Big Fish advertisements on third party sites and mobile applications. This helps us and our service providers provide more relevant advertising to you. We and our third party service providers may also use web beacons to monitor user behavior and collect information about visitors viewing a web page.

We may use information collected to calculate aggregate, anonymized statistics about our user community for the purpose of enhancing our Big Fish Offerings, or for security purposes.

If you access a Social Game, we may use your social networking site profile ID to link your social networking site account with your activities within the Social Game or offer personalized Big Fish advertisements on the social networking site. We may use your social networking site first, last and user names and icon to identify you to the social networking site account you've linked to your activities within the Social Game, as well as for the purposes of rankings, competitions, sweepstakes, game high scores and/or identification to your social network.

If you access a Social Game and provide us with another person's contact information for purposes of delivering information through a Social Game, we may use this information to contact and, if necessary, remind that person that she or he has been invited to join a Social Game or received content through a Social Game. All invitees are provided with the option not to receive further invitations from Big Fish.

We at Big Fish take reasonable measures to help protect the information we collect from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.

SHARING INFORMATION

We may share customer information with Big Fish Affiliates, and as described below.

Third Party Marketplaces and Service Providers:

We may disclose your personal information as well as aggregate, anonymous information to third party business partners, marketplaces, and third parties who perform services for us, such as credit card processing, prize fulfillment, delivering packages, sending postal mail, collecting and analyzing data, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), and providing advertising and marketing assistance, including serving ads on our behalf on third party websites and mobile applications and serving ads on behalf of third parties within certain Big Fish Offerings. Those third parties have access to your personal information only as necessary to perform their functions, and for no other purposes.

Business Transfers:

As Big Fish continues to grow, we might sell or buy certain subsidiaries and/or business units. In such transactions, customer information is generally one of the transferred assets. Also, in the unlikely event that Big Fish or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information would in most cases be one of the transferred assets.

Protection of Big Fish and Others:

We may also disclose your information if there is a violation of the Terms of Use or other agreements. if we have a good faith belief that the law requires it. or if needed to protect the rights, property or safety of Big Fish, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with entities for fraud detection and protection, and credit risk reduction.

YOUR CHOICES Promotional email communications:

When you create a customer account or provide access to your email address via a Big Fish Offering, you may be automatically registered to receive one or more of our promotional e- newsletters. Note that when you provide an email address through a Big Fish Offering, we treat that as a request to be enrolled in one of our promotional e-newsletter lists, even if you previously opted out of receiving newsletters from us, but if you change your mind and wish to opt out again, you may do so at any time by clicking the "**unsubscribe**" link at the bottom of any newsletter and then following the instructions provided. If you express interest in a Big Fish Offering by clicking on a banner within a newsletter, you may be automatically registered to receive newsletters relating to the Big Fish Offering that appeared in the banner.

At any time, you may opt-out of receiving a newsletter by selecting the "**unsubscribe**" link at the bottom of any newsletter. We treat each Big Fish Offering individually, so if you are receiving mailings from more than one Big Fish Offering, if you want to unsubscribe you must do so with respect to each individually. You may also contact us at http://www.bigfishgames.com/help. Please note that we reserve the right to send you non-promotional, account or administrative emails even if you opt out of receiving promotional e-newsletters.

Cookies, Online Advertising and Analytics:

Please refer to your browser settings and help section to learn about blocking, erasing or being notified of cookies. You can manage your Flash cookies by using Adobe's Flash management here. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Big Fish Offerings' essential features, we recommend that you leave cookies turned on. For example, you may not be able make purchases on Big Fish Offerings without having cookies turned on. To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from many ad networks, data exchanges, marketing analytics and other services providers, please visit aboutads.info.

Mobile Advertising:

Most mobile devices provide the ability to opt out of the collection and use of information from the apps you use for purposes of serving ads targeted to your interests. For more information, and to exercise these choices, consult the settings on your device.

Social Games:

With respect to Social Games, you may manage your own social network privacy preferences through your social networking site account.

THIRD-PARTIES

Big Fish Offerings may allow you to play or share information through social media (such as by logging in through a social media account or using a "Like" button") or contain links to social media services or other third parties. The use of these features and links are subject to the privacy policies of those companies and your settings on those services. Big Fish has no control over, and is not responsible for, the information submitted to or collected by social networks or other third parties. We encourage you to review those third party privacy policies to understand the way your information may be collected and handled by such third parties.

CHAT &. MESSAGING

Big Fish Offerings may operate message boards and/or chat areas where users can exchange ideas and communicate with each other. When posting to a message board or chat area, the information is being made publicly available in an online environment. Any information posted is the sole responsibility of the individual user.

CHILDREN

Big Fish Offerings are designed to avoid the collection and use of "personal information" as defined in the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") from children under 13 other than for support of internal operations. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you are under 13, you may not register for an account or otherwise provide any personal information to us.

Big Fish respects the privacy of parents and children and is committed to complying with COPPA . If a parent believes that his or her child has submitted personal information to Big Fish, he or she can contact us via email at privacy@bigfishgames.com or postal mail at: Big Fish Privacy Policy Department, 333 Elliott Avenue West, Suite 200, Seattle, WA 98119 USA. We will take steps to promptly delete the information upon learning that it relates to a child under the age of 13. We recognize the importance of safeguarding the privacy of children and encourage parents to check and monitor their children's use of online activities regularly.

EU-US PRIVACY SHIELD PROGRAM

We may transfer, store and/or process personal information in the U.S. or in other countries. Big Fish complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework Principles (the "Framework") and the US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the processing of personal information from the European Union (EU) member countries and Switzerland. For more information about the Framework, please visit the Department of Commerce's Privacy Shield website. To contact Big Fish directly about the Framework, please email us at privacyshield@bigfishgames.com. If we do not resolve your concern, you may contact JAMS, Big Fish’s designated Privacy Shield dispute resolution provider. Under certain conditions specified by the Framework, you may also be able to invoke binding arbitration to resolve your complaint. Big Fish is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the FTC. If we share personal information of EU customers with a third party service provider that processes the data solely on our behalf, then Big Fish will be liable for that third party's processing of the information in violation of the Framework, unless Big Fish can prove that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. Please note that if you are located in the E.U., Switzerland or other region with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, you are transferring information to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.

AGREEMENT WITH BIG FISH POLICIES

By accessing and/or using any of the Big Fish Offerings, you signify your understanding of and agreement with this Privacy Policy, and to our Terms of Use. If you do not agree with our policies, please do not access or use any Big Fish Offerings.

CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY

We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the "last modified" date at the top of this page. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how Big Fish protects your information.
